DATA SCIENCE|FULL STACK DATA SCIENCE|Full Stack Data Science Nov'21 Tech Neuron|This is a full stack data science self-paced course with recordings of  live mentor-led classes and a full-time one-year internship provided by iNeuron intelligence private limited, where you will learn all the stack required to work in the data science, data analytics, and big data industries, including machine learning operations and cloud infrastructure, as well as real-time industry project and product development with the iNeuron product development team, and you will contribute on various levels.|krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,Sunny Savita,
DATA SCIENCE|FULL STACK DATA SCIENCE|Full Stack Data Science Feb'21 Tech Neuron|This is a full stack data science self-paced course with recordings of live mentor-led certification program and a full-time one-year internship provided by iNeuron intelligence private limited, where you will learn all the stack required to work in the data science, data analytics, and big data industries, including machine learning operations and cloud infrastructure, as well as real-time industry project and product development with the iNeuron product development team, and you will contribute on various levels.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,Sourangshu Pal,krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,Sunny Savita,
DATA SCIENCE|FULL STACK DATA SCIENCE|Full Stack Data Science BootCamp 2.0|This is a full stack data science course with a live mentor-led certification programme and a full-time one-year internship provided by iNeuron intelligence private limited, where you will learn all the stack required to work in the data science, data analytics, and big data industries, including machine learning operations and cloud infrastructure, as well as real-time industry project and product development with the iNeuron product development team, and you will contribute on various levels.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,Sunny Savita,
DATA SCIENCE|FULL STACK DATA SCIENCE|Full Stack Data Science Bootcamp|Full-stack data science course is a live mentor-led job guaranteed certification program with a full-time one-year internship provided by iNeuron, in this course you will learn the entire stack required to work in the data science, data analytics, and big data domain, including machine learning, deep learning, computer vision NLP and Big data including MLOps and cloud infrastructure, along with real-time industry projects and product development with the iNeuron product development team, which will enable you to contribute on various levels.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|FULL STACK DATA SCIENCE|Data Science Masters|This is a data science masters course where you will learn all the stack required to work in data science, data analytics and big data industry including ML ops and cloud infrastructure .|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,Sourangshu Pal,Khushali Shah,krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|FULL STACK DATA SCIENCE|Full Stack Data Science|This is a full stack data science course where you will learn all the stack required to work in data science, data analytics and big data industry including ML ops and cloud infrastructure .|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,Sourangshu Pal,krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|FULL STACK DATA SCIENCE|Full Stack Data Science Nov'21 Batch|This is a data science full stack live mentor led certification program along with full time one-year internship provided by iNeuron intelligence private limited, where you will learn all the stack required to work in data science, data analytics and big data industry including ML ops and cloud infrastructure and real time industry project and product development along with iNeuron product development team and you will contribute on various level with iNeuron .|krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|FULL STACK DATA SCIENCE|Full Stack Data Science Feb'21 Batch|This is a data science full stack live mentor led certification program along with full time one-year internship provided by iNeuron intelligence private limited, where you will learn all the stack required to work in data science, data analytics and big data industry including ML ops and cloud infrastructure and real time industry project and product development along with iNeuron product development team and you will contribute on various level with iNeuron .|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|PYTHON|Full Stack Web Development with Python in Hindi Tech Neuron|Full Stack Python with Django is specially created to fulfil the standards set by the industry. You may learn a lot about Python, the Django REST framework, Django Models, React, and other topics in this lengthy online interactive course. With the Python Django program, you will also gain proficiency with the web framework while working on practical use cases.|Saurabh Shukla,
DATA SCIENCE|PYTHON|Python3 Scratch To Pro|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of Python3 and implement in real life to solve problems.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DATA SCIENCE|PYTHON|Python Crash Course by Hitesh|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of Python.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DATA SCIENCE|PYTHON|Advanced Python|The purpose of this course is to teach students about Python's advanced  modules. Using various assigned challenges, we'll go through several  advanced python modules in order to create real-time apps. The information  in this course should be understood by anybody with a basic familiarity of the  Python programming language. Students will receive hands-on practical  experience in producing industrial projects after successfully completing  the course. You might begin applying for freelancing employment in order  to make a fortune.|Shubham Sharma,
DATA SCIENCE|PYTHON|Programming in Python|This course will teach you the fundamentals of Python Programming. Python is an easy-to-learn programming language that allows you to get started in programming without having any prior programming experience. This course is designed for Beginners who have never coded before, as well as experienced student programmers who wish to learn Python to expand their career choices.|Shubham Sharma,
DATA SCIENCE|PYTHON|Python Crash Course|Throughout this course, you will learn everything you need to know about Python, from the basics to advanced topics. In addition, python applications such as Download Manager will be built using sophisticated techniques to assist you in becoming a professional programmer capable of securing well-paying jobs.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|PYTHON|Python for Beginner|The goal of this course is to educate everyone on the fundamentals of computer programming using Python. We'll go over the fundamentals of building a programme in Python from a set of simple instructions. There are no prerequisites for this course. Anyone with a basic understanding of computers should be able to grasp the valuable content in this course.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|PYTHON PROJECT|Python advance with projects|Throughout this course, you will learn everything you need to know about Python, from the basics to advanced topics. Python applications like download manager will be developed using advanced principles to help you become a professional programmer capable of landing well-paying employment.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|STATS|Marketing Mix Modelling|This course is for marketing and Data Analysis students who are required to integrate both statistics and marketing. Detailed Explanation of Advanced regression technique and mathematics behind each metrics is given in this course.|Bharath J P V ,
DATA SCIENCE|STATS|Statistics Live Class|Statistics is the discipline that concerns the collection, organization, analysis, interpretation and presentation of data. Statistics is the foundation behind all the work you want to do regarding Data Science. So, you must know all the statistical concepts to learn data science well. In this course, you will learn all the statistical concepts in detail that will be highly beneficial for various fields of Data Science.|Bharath J P V ,
DATA SCIENCE|STATS|Stats for Data Science|Understand what a Normal Distribution is, Explain the difference between continuous and discrete variables, Understand the Central Limit Theorem, Use the Z-Score and Z-Tables, Understand the difference between a normal distribution and a t-distribution, Create confidence intervals, Understand standard deviations, Understand what a sampling distribution is, Apply Hypothesis Testing for Proportions, Use the t-Score and t-Tables|krish naik,
DATA SCIENCE|STATS|Stats for Beginners|If the goal of your career as a Data Scientist or Business Analyst then brushing up on yours statistics skills is something you need to work on. But it's a difficult task to learn/re-learn all the stats seems like a daunting task. Thats because we created this course. Here you will quickly get the absolutely essential stats knowledge for a Data Scientist or Analyst.|krish naik,
DATA SCIENCE|STATS|Statistics|Statistics is the discipline that concerns the collection, organization, analysis, interpretation and presentation of data. Statistics is the foundation behind all the work you want to do regarding Data Science. So, you must know all the statistical concepts to learn data science well. In this course, you will learn all the statistical concepts in detail that will be highly beneficial for various fields of Data Science.|krish naik,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Machine Learning Bootcamp Tech Neuron|In this Machine Learning Bootcamp you will learn technologies like Python, API, database, statistics, ML algorithms, deployment of ML models in various cloud platforms, and all machine learning algorithms. You will also learn about chatbots like Dialogflow, Amazon Lex, Azure Luis & RASA NLU. 15+ live projects are included to make your journey interesting from Zero to ML Engineer.|krish naik,Sunny Savita,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Machine Learning Bootcamp|In this Machine Learning Bootcamp you will learn technologies like Python, API, database, statistics, ML algorithms, deployment of ML models in various cloud platforms, and all machine learning algorithms. You will also learn about chatbots like Dialogflow, Amazon Lex, Azure Luis & RASA NLU. 15+ live projects are included to make your journey interesting from Zero to ML Engineer.|krish naik,Sunny Savita,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Azure Machine Learning DP 100|This course is designed for data scientists who want to develop and manage machine learning solutions on the cloud and who already have some familiarity with Python and machine learning frameworks like Scikit-Learn, PyTorch, and Tensorflow. In this course, students will learn how to build comprehensive Microsoft Azure solutions.|MD Imran,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Machine Learning and Data Science Bootcamp|This is a data science detailed course where you will learn all the stack required to work in data science, data analytics and big data industry.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Auto Sklearn and Auto TimeSeries|This course will help you to get started with the machine learning libraries auto sklearn and auto timeseries.|Rishav Dash,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Explainable AI|Explainable AI|Rishav Dash,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|ML and DL Foundations|This course will help you to grab the foundations of Machine learning and Deep learning.|Shridhar Mankar,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|GCP Machine Learning Certification|This course will give you the skills you need to enhance your career, as well as instruction to help you prepare for the Google Cloud Professional Machine Learning Engineer certification.|Khushali Shah,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Machine Learning in R|The Machine Learning with R course has been specifically developed to aid in the development of a solid understanding of the fundamentals of machine learning. You'll learn how to prepare data for modeling, train your models, visualize and evaluate their performance, and fine-tune their parameters for improved results. Learn the abilities you'll need to work as a machine learning scientist.|MD Imran,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Graph ML|Graph Machine Learning provides a new set of tools for processing network data and leveraging the power of the relationship between entities that can be used for predictive, modelling, and analytics tasks. This course would cover theory related to GraphML with some implementation.|Rishav Dash,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Streamlit|In this course, you will learn about the fundamental concepts related to the Streamlit library. After completion of this course, you will be able to create Web applications for your Data science models with the help of Streamlit Library.|Jaydeep Dixit,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Dask|Dask is a flexible library for parallel computing in Python. It can easily handle large data which enables users to perform ml related tasks at scale.|MD Imran,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|AWS Sagemaker|Well groomed knowledge of the complete AWS Machine Learning ecosystem is required and SageMaker is one of the Most Important component of it.This course includes real world Projects which enables you to learn and solidify your concept on Sagemaker.|MD Imran,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Mathematics for Machine Learning|This course suits for students who want to know the application of mathematics in Machine Learning and also for the working professionals who want to know the mathematical framework behind the machine learning algorithms.|Bharath J P V ,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Machine Learning Live Class|This is Machine Learning course, where you will learn various things from the beginning like python, API, deployment in AWS, Azure, GCP, Heroku, Database, various modules in statistics, all machine learning algorithms.|Sagar Kandpal,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Machine Learning Masters|Machine Learning Masters|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,Sourangshu Pal,krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Machine Learning|This is Machine Learning masters, where you will learn various things from the beginning like python, API, deployment in AWS, Azure, GCP, Heroku, Database, various modules in statistics, all machine learning algorithms.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|MLDL|This is Machine Learning masters and Deep Learning, where you will learn various things from beginning like python , API , deployment in Aws , azure , GCP , Heroku , database , various modules in statistics ,all machine learning algorithm , four mode of Chabot live Dialog flow , Amazon Lex , Azure Luis and RASA NLU , and 15+ live project all together in live instructor led class along with various mode of support and services and doubt clearing session.|krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Mega Community|This is a free community live class where multiple projects have been discussed by various mentors in the field of data science.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,Sourangshu Pal,krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Machine Learning And Deep Learning Masters|This is Machine Learning masters and  Deep Learning, where you will learn various things from beginning like python , API , deployment in Aws , azure , GCP , Heroku  , database , various modules in statistics ,all machine learning algorithm , four mode of Chabot live Dialog flow , Amazon Lex , Azure Luis and RASA NLU , and 15+ live project all together in live instructor led class along with various mode of support and services and doubt clearing session.|krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING|Machine Learning Foundation|Machine learning is an application of artificial intelligence (AI) that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience without being explicitly programmed.Learn which Machine Learning model to choose for each type of problem and how to improve your Machine Learning Models. Become a Machine Learning Engineer and get hired.|krish naik,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING PROJECT|House Price Prediction|The selling price of a property in a specific area can be determined with the use of house price predictions, and consumers can choose the ideal moment to purchase a home. In this project, "House Price Prediction Using Machine Learning," our goal is to develop a machine learning model to forecast house prices in the State of California using data from the census.|krish naik,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING PROJECT|Sensor Fault Prediction|The Air Pressure System (APS) is a critical component of a heavy-duty vehicle that uses compressed air to force a piston to provide pressure to the brake pads, slowing the vehicle down. The benefits of using an APS instead of a hydraulic system are the easy availability and long-term sustainability of natural air. This is a Binary Classification problem, in which the affirmative class indicates that the failure was caused by a certain component of the APS, while the negative class indicates that the failure was caused by something else.|Avnish Yadav,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING PROJECT|Shipment Price Prediction|In this data science project, you will build a machine learning system that will be able to predict the cost of the shipment or package by using machine learning algorithms. This project will be very useful for logistics companies, where on a day-to-day basis a lot of couriers, packages, or goods are transported via different modes of transport. The main concern with these logistics companies is trying to deliver these goods in an efficient and cost-efficient way possible, so the pricing of the shipment is tricky and involves a lot of variables to consider while the pricing of the shipment. There might be scenarios where the shipment might be delayed due to some external reasons, leading to a loss for the company and a delay in delivery of the shipment. So logistics companies need to use dynamic pricing based on several factors and variables to price the shipment in such a way that there are no losses to the company and the price of the shipment is as less as possible so that customers can use their services more due to effective pricing rates.|Boktiar Ahmed Bappy,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING PROJECT|Finance Complaint|By taking into account the complaints already made against financial products, we may develop a machine learning (ML) model that can help us determine if freshly made complaints are troublesome or not, allowing the business to move swiftly to address the problem and meet the needs of the consumer.|Avnish Yadav,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING PROJECT|Industry Ready Data Science Projects Tech Neuron|Ready to use end-to-end data science projects for real-world business use cases. We will be discussing projects from very scratch such as understanding problem statements, capturing requirements, and various aspects of project design using different documentation such as High-Level Design, Low-Level Desing, and Architecture Design. Practical use of MLOPS practices using tools such as MLFLOW, Wandb. Pipeline implementation for training, retraining, and inferencing. Designing dashboard to present important KPIs to monitor system and model performance and generate alert to notify the appropriate parties to address serious problems if it is about to occur.|krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,Avnish Yadav,Ketan Gangal,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING PROJECT|Recommender System|Recommender System|Boktiar Ahmed Bappy,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING PROJECT|Data Science Project|Data science projects are a great way to get started in your career. Working on real-world projects provides us with a sense of an approach to real-world problems. You will learn the principles of data science through several projects and use cases in this course.  This hands-on course provides you with a diverse set of open source data science projects to help you practise, improve, and succeed in your data science career.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING PROJECT|Machine Learning Projects|The science of getting computers to act without being explicitly programmed is known as machine learning. This course will teach you about the most effective machine learning techniques and give you practice putting them into practice. More significantly, you'll master not only the theoretical foundations of learning but also the practical know-how required to apply these strategies to new challenges quickly and effectively.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING INTERVIEW|Data Science Interview Tech Neuron|This course is designed for an individual trying to transition towards various data science careers in the industry. Keeping all the hurdles in mind that we generally face during your transition so that your journey will be smooth and without losing any opportunity, you will be able to transition in the industry. Discuss, Collaborate, Participate and Win the Race.|krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING INTERVIEW|Data Science Interview|This course is designed for an individual trying to transition towards various data science careers in the industry. Keeping all the hurdles in mind that we generally face during your transition so that your journey will be smooth and without losing any opportunity, you will be able to transition in the industry. Discuss, Collaborate, Participate and Win the Race.|krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING INTERVIEW|Data Science Industry Ready Projects|Ready to use end-to-end data science projects for real-world business use cases. We will be discussing projects from very scratch such as understanding problem statements, capturing requirements, and various aspects of project design using different documentation such as High-Level Design, Low-Level Desing, and Architecture Design. Practical use of MLOPS practices using tools such as MLFLOW, Wandb. Pipeline implementation for training, retraining, and inferencing. Designing dashboard to present important KPIs to monitor system and model performance and generate alert to notify the appropriate parties to address serious problems if it is about to occur.|krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,Avnish Yadav,Ketan Gangal,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING INTERVIEW|Machine Learning Interview Preparation|This course is designed mostly for Machine Learning Interview Preparation.|
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING INTERVIEW|Mega Project Foundation|iNeuron is known for conducting end to end community sessions where we discuss everything related to tech along with projects and many more things. The objective of conducting these community sessions is to learn and grow together.|krish naik,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING INTERVIEW|ML Interview Prepration|Machine Learning Interview-ready course has been created specifically to familiarise you with the types of questions you may encounter during your interview. Machine learning interviews necessitate a broad understanding of machine learning. We've put together a set of questions to see how well you know machine learning principles and technologies.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING INTERVIEW|30 days Fast Track Data Science Interview Preparation|This course is designed for an individual trying to transition towards various data science careers in the industry. Keeping all the hurdles in mind that we generally face during your transition so that your journey will be smooth and without losing any opportunity, you will be able to transition in the industry. Discuss, Collaborate, Participate and Win the Race.|krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING INTERVIEW|Live Virtual Interview|Interview for Freshers, experienced, not ID domain candidate|krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|MACHINE LEARNING INTERVIEW|DSAR|DSAR for Beginners and Intermediate|Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|DEEP LEARNING|Deep Learning Foundations|Deep Learning is a subfield of machine learning concerned with algorithms inspired by the structure and function of the brain called artificial neural networks. It is a function that imitates the workings of the human brain in processing data and creating patterns for use in decision making. Learn Deep Learning, Transfer Learning and Neural Networks using the latest frameworks. Become a Deep Learning Guru!|krish naik,
DATA SCIENCE|DEEP LEARNING|PyTorch Basics|This program is meant to give you the basics till an advanced understanding of one of the most popular deep learning python frameworks - PyTorch. Course curriculum includes concepts about the PyTorch framework, tutorials, and much more!|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,
DATA SCIENCE|DEEP LEARNING|ONNX|The Open Neural Network Exchange (ONNX) is a free ecosystem that allows AI developers to select the best tools for their projects as they progress. ONNX is a free, open-source format for AI models, including deep learning and classical machine learning.|Boktiar Ahmed Bappy,
DATA SCIENCE|DEEP LEARNING|JAX|JAX|Boktiar Ahmed Bappy,
DATA SCIENCE|DEEP LEARNING|DLCV with NLP|Deep Learning is a subfield of machine learning concerned with algorithms inspired by the structure and function of the brain called artificial neural networks. It is a function that imitates the workings of the human brain in processing data and creating patterns for use in decision making. Learn Deep Learning, Transfer Learning and Neural Networks using the latest frameworks. Become a Deep Learning Guru!|
DATA SCIENCE|DEEP LEARNING|Deep Learning ANN|Deep Learning is a subfield of machine learning concerned with algorithms inspired by the structure and function of the brain called artificial neural networks. It is a function that imitates the workings of the human brain in processing data and creating patterns for use in decision making. Learn Deep Learning, Transfer Learning and Neural Networks using the latest frameworks. Become a Deep Learning Expert !!|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,
DATA SCIENCE|DEEP LEARNING|Deep Learning With Computer Vision and Advanced NLP|Deep Learning is a subfield of machine learning concerned with algorithms inspired by the structure andfunction of the brain called artificial neural networks. It is a function that imitates the workings of the human brain in processing data and creating patterns for use in decision making. Learn Deep Learning, Transfer Learning and Neural Networks using the latest frameworks. Become a Deep Learning Guru!|krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|DEEP LEARNING|Deep Learning Foundation|Deep Learning is a subfield of machine learning concerned with algorithms inspired by the structure and function of the brain called artificial neural networks. It is a function that imitates the workings of the human brain in processing data and creating patterns for use in decision making. Learn Deep Learning, Transfer Learning and Neural Networks using the latest frameworks. Become a Deep Learning Guru!|krish naik,
DATA SCIENCE|DEEP LEARNING|Artificial Neural Network|Artificial neural networks (ANNs) are computer systems that are modelled after the biological neural networks that make up animal brains. It processes data and creates patterns for use in decision-making in the same way that the human brain does. Using the most up-to-date frameworks, you'll learn Artificial neural networks, Transfer Learning, and more.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,
DATA SCIENCE|NLP|NLP Foundations|NLP Community Class|krish naik,
DATA SCIENCE|NLP|NLP Crash Course|Natural language processing (NLP) is one of the artificial intelligence's most essential and helpful application fields. As new methodologies and toolsets combine with ever-increasing data availability, NLP is rapidly evolving. In this course, you'll learn about the core concepts of natural language processing (NLP) and how it applies to current and new technologies. You will obtain a comprehensive understanding of contemporary neural network techniques for linguistic data processing. You'll be able to progress from word representation and syntactic processing to creating and executing complicated deep learning models for question answering, machine translation, and other language understanding problems by mastering cutting-edge methodologies.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|NLP PROJECT|Text Summarization|This is an advanced NLP project where we take news data from several sources and use Transformer models from HuggingFace and Fine tune it to generate news summary from complete news.|Bharath J P V ,
DATA SCIENCE|NLP PROJECT|The Ultimate Guide To OpenAI GPT-3 & Fine Tune with Custom Data|Generative Pre-trained Transformer 3 (GPT-3; stylized GPT·3) is an autoregressive language model that uses deep learning to produce human-like text. Given an initial text as prompt, it will produce text that continues the prompt. The architecture is a standard transformer network (with a few engineering tweaks) with the unprecedented size of 2048-token-long context and 175 billion parameters (requiring 800 GB of storage). The training method is ""generative pretraining"", meaning that it is trained to predict what the next token is. The model demonstrated strong few-shot learning on many text-based tasks.|Boktiar Ahmed Bappy,
DATA SCIENCE|NLP PROJECT|Language Identification|This is an audio classification project in which we will use Pytorch for audio processing and CNN for audio classification. We will use Indian language audio data from four classes, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and Kannada, and predict the language spoken in the audio.|Aravind S,
DATA SCIENCE|NLP PROJECT|Text To Speech|This is a Python project for converting text to speech in English with various accents. We will create a script that will make use of the gTTS library. The code will be written in a modular way, with a good user end point application.|Rishav Dash,
DATA SCIENCE|NLP PROJECT|NLP Projects|Natural Language Processing (NLP) is a technique for deciphering and manipulating human language using algorithms. One of the most widely used fields of machine learning is this technique. You will gain knowledge of various NLP frameworks like SpaCy, NLTK, Torchtext, TensorFlow, Keras, hugging face, etc., and their project implementation. Study transfer learning in NLP - BERT family and many more.|Sourangshu Pal,
DATA SCIENCE|NLP INTERVIEW|NLP Interview Questions|If you are looking for a place to be prepared for your upcoming interviews in Natural Language Processing, then this course is for you. We will discuss all kinds of NLP-based questions that can be asked in an interview and, it will also help you in boosting your confidence. Artificial Intelligence Operations is the most in-demand technical skill (AIOps). It facilitates the use of DevOps techniques in the creation of AI products. This course will cover a variety of approaches to implementing AIOps methodology in machine learning and deep learning projects, including implementation on AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, and DigitalOcean.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION|Automatic Number Plate Recognition|In the following project, we will understand how to recognize License number plates using Python. We will utilize OpenCV for this project in order to identify the license number plates and the Paddle OCR for the characters and digits extraction from the plate. We will create a web app with a Flask framework that automatically recognizes the License Number Plate .|krish naik,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION|Yolo X and Yolo R|This course will help you to learn the practical implementations of YoloX & YoloR.|Boktiar Ahmed Bappy,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION|Arduino Live Class|This course was created to help students comprehend what they're doing. You can start from the beginning, gain the essential foundation, and learn the entire process of creating Arduino projects through practice and hands-on training.|Kishan Menaria ,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION|Computer Vision|Computer Vision is a field of Artificial Intelligence (AI) that enables computers and systems to derive meaningful information from digital images, videos and other visual inputs and take actions or make recommendations based on that information. If AI enables computers to think, Computer vision allows them to see, observe and understand. Computer vision is used in industries ranging from energy and utilities to manufacturing and automotive, and the market is continuing to grow.|Sourangshu Pal,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION|End to End Object Detection|Become an Object Detection Guru  with the latest frameworks available like Tensorflow, Detectron2 and Yolo. In this course you will be learning to create four different object detector using multiple frameworks from scratch.|Sourangshu Pal,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION|Computer Vision Crash Course|This specialisation is the first to cover the fundamentals of computer vision in depth. It is aimed at learners, practitioners, and researchers who have little or no experience with computer vision and focuses on the mathematical and physical foundations of vision. Any learner who completes this specialisation has the potential to succeed in the field of computer vision, which is a booming field that is predicted to grow in importance in the next decades.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION|Advance Computer Vision|Early and mid-career software and machine learning engineers with a fundamental understanding of computer vision who want to enhance their knowledge and skillset by studying advanced features to develop strong models can pursue this specialisation.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION|OpenCV|OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision Library) is an open-source computer vision and machine learning software library. This course will guide you through your first steps in studying computer vision and artificial intelligence (AI) using OpenCV. You'll learn about Image & Video Manipulation, Image Enhancement, Filtering, Edge Detection, Object Detection, and Tracking, among other topics.|Ashish Kushwaha,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION PROJECT|Industry Safety Detection using YOLO v7|The purpose of this project is to create a detection system using Computer Vision and Machine Learning to monitor, track and enforce employees/workers to wear the necessary protection gear. ISD is designed and modeled to take a real-time image of the personnel as the input and determine if the five segments - helmet, gloves, jacket, goggles, and footwear are worn before entering the workplace, and record the procedures as well. If ISD does not find any of the safety gears, the worker will not be allowed to proceed and the prohibition alarm in the system will alert the authorities|Boktiar Ahmed Bappy,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION PROJECT|Deep Authenticator|In this project, you will build a two-stage authentication system. We would be using state-of-art algorithms like FaceNet and MTCNN to build this project.|Rishav Dash,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION PROJECT|Sign Language Detection|The main point of this application is to use the camera to recognize gestures from the sign language to offer a new means of communication. The program will be able to transcribe gestures done by dumb people into written words printed on the screen.|Boktiar Ahmed Bappy,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION PROJECT|Face Swap Application|In this project, we will learn about how to use dlib facial landmark detector to extract the facial features Create the mask using the convex hull of the points extracted. Replace the mask of two images and do a seamless cloning of the image to blend in the color grade.|Bharath J P V ,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION PROJECT|OpenCV Projects|This course will provide you with various OpenCV-based exciting projects to improve your skill and creativity. These projects will also inspire you to build computer vision-based projects in real-time.|Khushali Shah,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION PROJECT|Computer Vision Projects|Computer vision is the study of how computers extract useful information from photos or videos and put it to use in various applications. Examples include reverse engineering, security checks, image editing and processing, computer animation, autonomous navigation, and robots. This course will help you learn and implement various unique vision-based projects with real-world applications and use Computer Vision to tackle numerous real-world issues.|Sourangshu Pal,
DATA SCIENCE|COMPUTER VISION INTERVIEW|OpenCV Job Preparation|OpenCV provides a real-time optimized Computer Vision library, tools, and hardware. It also supports model execution for Machine Learning (ML) and computer vision. The goal here is to make you completely ready with OpenCV along with various interview-based questions and a complete detailed roadmap.|Khushali Shah,
DATA SCIENCE|REINFORCEMENT LEARNING|Reinforcement Learning|You will learn the basics of reinforcement learning through this course. Adaptive learning systems are needed for artificial intelligence to reach its full potential. Implementing a complete RL solution will teach you how Reinforcement Learning (RL) solutions assist in solving real-world problems through trial-and-error interaction.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,
DATA SCIENCE|CHATBOT|Building Chatbot using Google DialogFlow|This course will help students gain knowledge of building Chatbot using Google DialogFlow. In this course you will learn how to create various projects on chatbots. Upon successful completion of the course students will be able to create chatbots on their own using Google DialogFlow.|Shivan Kumar,
DATA SCIENCE|CHATBOT|ParlAI Chatbot|This program is specialized in providing theoretical as well as practical understanding of the ParlAI module which allows you to learn how to build dialog based model chatbot using python based parlAI framework. Course curriculum includes concepts about ParlAI framework, tutorial and much more!|Khushali Shah,
DATA SCIENCE|CHATBOT|RASA|Data Scientists are in high demand right now since they can create a chatbot to handle user communications. Chatbots are predicted to be used by approximately 80% of businesses in the near future. Want to be the one who puts it into action? From creating the first file to the deployment on platforms like Facebook and Telegram, the course is meant to teach you how to create a chatbot that can assist consumers with suggestions of computers and phones from Amazon. The course places a strong emphasis on putting what students learn into practice. You will be guided through the entire process of launching your first chatbot using a combination of document and code walkthroughs.|Khushali Shah,
DATA SCIENCE|CHATBOT|Azure Luis|With a couple of coding sessions, this course is aimed to be more practical than theoretical. You'll have all the tools you need to build a fully working chatbot and integrate it with other platforms like Facebook and Skype by the conclusion of the course.|Khushali Shah,
DATA SCIENCE|CHATBOT|Chatbot using Rasa NLU|Rasa NLU implementation|
DATA SCIENCE|CHATBOT|Chatbot using Azure Luis|According to Gartner, 25% of customer service and support operations will integrate virtual customer assistant (VCA) or chatbot technology across engagement channels by 2020, up from less than 2% in 2017.|
DATA SCIENCE|CHATBOT|Chatbot Using Google Dialogflow|Google Dialog flow Chatbot|
DATA SCIENCE|CHATBOT|Amazon Lex Chatbot|Amazon Lex is an AWS service for building conversational interfaces for applications using voice and text. With Amazon Lex, the same conversational engine that powers Amazon Alexa is now available to any developer, enabling you to build sophisticated, natural language chatbots into your new and existing applications. Amazon Lex provides the deep functionality and flexibility of natural language understanding (NLU) and automatic speech recognition (ASR) so you can build highly engaging user experiences with lifelike, conversational interactions, and create new categories of products.|Mohit Sharma,
DATA SCIENCE|CHATBOT|Google Dialogflow|Wants to become an expert in Dialogflow? You've come to the right spot. This course is specially designed for developing learning and comprehending Dialogflow from the ground up. This course doesn't require any prior knowledge of Chatbot. It will give you a complete knowledge on Dialogflow in-depth.|Khushali Shah,
DATA SCIENCE|CHATBOT|Amazon Lex|This course is designed for creating intelligent chatbot interfaces with AWS (Application Web Services). We'll make our hands dirty and take a challenge in which we have to develop a sample chatbot together; after that, we'll learn how to make our bot available on our Facebook Page, Slack, WhatsApp, Telegram.|Khushali Shah,
DATA SCIENCE|MLOPS|AIOPS Course|These days the most in-demand technical expertise is Artificial Intelligence Operations (AIOps). It aids in the application of DevOps principles to AI product development. This course will cover multiple ways to implement AIOps methodology in ML and DL projects, including implementation on various clouds such as AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,Sourangshu Pal,Ritesh Yadav,
DATA SCIENCE|MLOPS|MLflow|This program is meant to give you the basics till an advanced understanding of one of the most popular ML cycle management frameworks - MLflow. Course curriculum includes concepts about the MLflow framework, tutorials, and much more!|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,
DATA SCIENCE|MLOPS|MLOPS Live Class|Machine Learning can be found in a variety of places, including company financial performance, human health, social issues, and scientific discoveries and innovation. Machine Learning is no longer a differentiator in business; it is an issue of life.MLOPs (Machine Learning Operations) appear to improve the administration and operation of Machine Learning models and allow a smoother transition to operation, based on principles similar to DevOps, which likewise strive to combine and automate development and operation. This course will expose you to the realm of MLOps through a variety of hands-on exercises.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,
DATA SCIENCE|MLOPS|AIOps|These days the most in-demand technical expertise is Artificial Intelligence Operations (AIOps). It aids in the application of DevOps principles to AI product development. This course will cover multiple ways to implement AIOps methodology in ML and DL projects, including implementation on various clouds such as AWS, Azure, GCP, and DigitalOcean.Researchers from diverse disciplines widely use it to estimate and analyze the result.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,Sourangshu Pal,
DATA SCIENCE|MLOPS|Introduction to AIOps|Artificial Intelligence Operations is the most in-demand technological skill these days (AIOps). It facilitates the use of DevOps techniques in the creation of AI products. This course will provide a thorough theoretical knowledge of the AIOps concept.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,
DATA SCIENCE|MLOPS|AI Operations|Artificial Intelligence Operations (AIOps) is the most in demand technical skill these days. It helps to incorporate DevOps principle in AI product development. It's a live instructor-led certification program provided by iNeuron intelligence private limited. Here you will learn various methods to implement AIOps methodology in the ML and DL projects which includes implementation on various clouds like AWS, Azure, GCP and DigitalOcean.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,
DATA SCIENCE|MLOPS|AIOPS Crash Course|Artificial Intelligence Operations (AIOps) is the most in demand technical skill these days. It helps to incorporate DevOps principle in AI product development. It's a live instructor-led certification program provided by iNeuron intelligence private limited.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,
DATA SCIENCE|MLOPS PROJECT|MLFlow Production Server Setup|MLflow is an open-source platform for machine learning lifecycle management. In this course, we will learn how to setup MLflow server in production with Mysql as the backend store and an s3 bucket as artifact registry.|Ketan Gangal,
DATA SCIENCE|MLOPS PROJECT|AIOPS Live Projects|Learn how to create a machine learning system from start to finish. Develop skills in training, deploying, scaling, and monitoring your machine learning model's performance in production. This course is specifically designed for deploying and scaling machine learning and deep learning applications.|Avnish Yadav,
DATA SCIENCE|MLOPS PROJECT|AIOps Projects|Learn how to create a machine learning system from start to finish. Develop skills in training, deploying, scaling, and monitoring your machine learning model's performance in production. This course is specifically designed for deploying and scaling machine learning and deep learning applications.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,
DATA SCIENCE|MLOPS INTERVIEW PREPARATION|AIOps Interview Questions|Artificial Intelligence Operations is the most in-demand technical skill (AIOps). It facilitates the use of DevOps techniques in the creation of AI products. This course will cover a variety of approaches to implementing AIOps methodology in machine learning and deep learning projects, including implementation on AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, and DigitalOcean.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,Sourangshu Pal,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA MASTERS|Job Guaranteed BigData Bootcamp 2.0|By using the tools and processes that big data scientists and engineers use on a daily basis, you will be intelligent enough to understand the insights that big data may offer. With a general understanding of how large data is arranged, examined, and evaluated, you can make better business judgments.This unique industry program will help to learn the entire stack of Big Data and be ready to crack jobs in leading organizatons.|Sudhanshu Kumar,Sunny Savita,Shashank Mishra,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA MASTERS|Big Data Masters Tech Neuron|This unique industry program will help to learn the entire stack of Big Data and be ready to crack jobs in leading organizatons.|Sudhanshu Kumar,Shashank Mishra,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA MASTERS|Job Guaranteed Big Data Bootcamp|By using the tools and processes that big data scientists and engineers use on a daily basis, you will be intelligent enough to understand the insights that big data may offer. With a general understanding of how large data is arranged, examined, and evaluated, you can make better business judgments.This unique industry program will help to learn the entire stack of Big Data and be ready to crack jobs in leading organizatons.|Sudhanshu Kumar,Shashank Mishra,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA MASTERS|Big Data Foundations|Data is an essential part of any organization. Every organization generates a massive amount of real-time or batch data. This is where Big data plays a vital role irrespective of domain and industry. This complete course is designed to fulfill such requirements so that we will be able to work with a humongous amount of data. You will be able to create your Big Data Engine in your organization by implementing various big data stacks used across the industry.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA MASTERS|Big Data Masters Crash Course|Data is an essential part of any organization. Every organization generates a massive amount of real-time or batch data. This is where Big data plays a vital role irrespective of domain and industry. This complete course is designed to fulfill such requirements so that we will be able to work with a humongous amount of data. You will be able to create your Big Data Engine in your organization by implementing various big data stacks used across the industry.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA MASTERS|Big Data Masters|Data is an essential part of any organization. Every organization generates a massive amount of real-time or batch data. This is where Big data plays a vital role irrespective of domain and industry. This complete course is designed to fulfill such requirements so that we will be able to work with a humongous amount of data. You will be able to create your Big Data Engine in your organization by implementing various big data stacks used across the industry.|
BIG DATA|TECH STACK|Snowflake Advanced|This course will help you to learn the advanced concepts of Snowflake.|MD Imran,
BIG DATA|TECH STACK|Informatica Powercenter|The Informatica tool is a comprehensive data integration and management system. You will study how Informatica performs tasks such as data cleansing, data profiling, converting, and scheduling workflows from source to target in simple steps in this course.|MD Imran,
BIG DATA|TECH STACK|Talend|This Talend course will teach you how to use Talend Open Studio to make Big Data Integration easier. Top industry experts curate the Talend Big Data course. This course is based on a practical rather than a theoretical paradigm.|Khushali Shah,
BIG DATA|TECH STACK|Apache Atlas|Apache Atlas provides open metadata management and governance capabilities for organizations to build a catalog of their data assets, classify and govern these assets and provide collaboration capabilities around these data assets for data scientists, analysts, and the data governance team.|Shruti Mantri,
BIG DATA|TECH STACK|Apache Druid|Apache Druid is a real-time database to power modern analytics applications. It is a modern technology which has made itself indispensable in the world of big data and data analytics. It comes up with cutting-edge features like easy integration in data pipelines, fast consistent queries, high concurrency support, support in both on-prem and cloud infrastructure, and many more.|Shruti Mantri,
BIG DATA|TECH STACK|Fivetran|In this course you will learn about Fivetran platform which allows for efficient collection of business processes and customer data from related applications, websites, and servers. The data collected is then transferred to other tools for analytics, marketing, and data warehousing purposes.|MD Imran,
BIG DATA|TECH STACK|Data Warehouse|A data warehouse is a type of data management system that is designed to enable and support business intelligence (BI) activities, especially analytics. Data warehouses are solely intended to perform queries and analysis and often contain large amounts of historical data.|MD Imran,
BIG DATA|TECH STACK|DBT|DBT data build tool helps data teams work like software engineers, transform data and control the flow to ship trusted data, faster. DBT data build tool is an exciting tool in modern data manipulation, due to the shift from ETL to ELT in companies that rely on MPP databases in the cloud for example Snowflake, Redshift, Big query and others. this course will teach you the fundamentals of DBT data build tool. you will learn the structure of DBT data build tool and the main components.|MD Imran,
BIG DATA|TECH STACK|Airflow|Airflow is a tool developed by Apache for automating and scheduling tasks, data pipelines and workflows. It makes the management of data pipelines easy to manage and provides great functionalities and user interface to create pipelines.|MD Imran,
BIG DATA|TECH STACK|Snowflake Beginners|Cloud Data Warehouse is the next big thing. Learn What is Snowflake Cloud Data Warehouse and its architecture. Build a highly scalable, high performance next-gen modern data warehouse for your company. The course is designed in beginner-friendly, helping you to understand the basics of cloud, SAAS and it all works together in the background.|MD Imran,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA ON CLOUD|Informatica Cloud (IICS)|A platform and data integration tool that uses software as a service is called Informatica Cloud (SaaS). Databases, flat files, file feeds, on-premises, cloud-based apps, and even social networking sites can all be accessed through Informatica Cloud connections. You will learn how to get started with Informatica Cloud through this program.|MD Imran,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA ON CLOUD|AWS Big Data Analytics|This course will help you to get started with the fundamentals of Big Data in AWS Cloud and using other services for data analysis.|MD Imran,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA ON CLOUD|Data Engineering with Google Cloud|By gathering, transforming, and releasing data, Data Engineers enable data-driven decision making. A Data Engineer should be able to design, implement, operationalize, secure, and monitor data processing systems, with a focus on security and compliance, scalability and efficiency, fidelity and dependability, and flexibility and portability. This course will teach you how to use Cloud Computing to learn the principles of data engineering.|Khushali Shah,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA ON CLOUD|AWS Data Engineering|Welcome to AWS Data Engineering. If you’re new to the cloud, whether you’re in a technical or non-technical role such as finance, legal, sales, and marketing, this course will provide an understanding of fundamental AWS Cloud concepts to help you gain confidence to contribute to your organization’s cloud initiatives. This course is also the starting point to prepare for your AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner certification whenever it’s convenient for you.|
BIG DATA|BIG DATA ON CLOUD|Azure Data Engineering|Explore how the world of data has evolved and how the advent of cloud technologies is providing new opportunities for business to explore. You will learn the various data platform technologies that are available, and how a Data Engineer can take advantage of this technology to an organization benefit.|MD Imran,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA PROJECTS|Build Modern ETL Data Pipeline using Informatica cloud|A very common use case in data engineering is to build an ETL system for a data warehouse, to have data loaded in from multiple separate databases to enable data analysts/scientists to be able to run queries on this data since the source databases are used by your applications and we do not want these analytic queries to affect our application performance and the source data. In this project, we will build an ETL system with Informatica cloud. Informatica Cloud is an on-demand subscription service that provides a complete platform for cloud integration and data management.|MD Imran,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA PROJECTS|Build ETL Data Pipeline on AWS EMR Cluster|With the advent of powerful data warehouses like SnowFlake, BigQuery, redshift spectrum, etc that allow separation of storage and execution, it has become very economical to store data in the data warehouse and then transform them as required. This Project goes over how to design such a ELT system using AWS EMR and Hive. The main objective is to keep the code complexity and server management low, while automating as much as possible|MD Imran,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA PROJECTS|Create A Data Pipeline based on Messaging Using PySpark and Airflow|In this Project, we will learn how to Build a Big Data pipeline on AWS at scale. You will be using the Covid-19 dataset. This will be streamed in real time from an external API using NiFi. The complex JSON data will be parsed into CSV format using NiFi and the result will be stored in HDFS. Then this data will be sent to Kafka for data processing using PySpark. The processed data will then be consumed from Spark and stored in HDFS. Then a Hive external table is created on top of HDFS. Finally the cleaned, transformed data is stored in the data lake and deployed. Visualization is then done using Tableau and AWS QuickSight.|MD Imran,
BIG DATA|BIG DATA PROJECTS|Hive Project to build a data warehouse for e-Commerce|In this project, we will learn how to build a complete end-to-end data warehouse for an e-commerce application to perform Apache Hive
analytics on various datasets using big data tools like Apache Sqoop, Apache Spark, and HDFS. In order to achieve this task, we utilize the various services provided by AWS. For this hive project, we will delve further into some of the analytical features of the Hive.|Priya Bhatia,
DATA ANALYTICS|BUSINESS ANALYTICS MASTERS|Teradata|With the help of data management technologies, businesses can enhance their results utilizing Teradata, an open and scalable database management system. To streamline their operations, a variety of industries including manufacturing, healthcare, and transportation use this method. This fundamental course of Teradata will help you to get started and build strong foundations.|Khushali Shah,
DATA ANALYTICS|BUSINESS ANALYTICS MASTERS|Full Stack Data Analytics 2.0|The full stack data analytics course is meant to assist you in becoming a skilled data analyst. Learn how to deal with SQL databases, develop data visualizations, and apply predictive analytics and statistics in a corporate environment using the best analytics tools and methodologies.|krish naik,Sudhanshu Kumar,Anand Jha,
DATA ANALYTICS|BUSINESS ANALYTICS MASTERS|Full Stack Data Analytics Tech Neuron|Data analytics is the process of gathering, transforming, and organizing information in order to draw conclusions, make predictions, and make better decisions. The full stack data analytics course is meant to assist you in becoming a skilled data analyst. Learn how to deal with SQL databases, develop data visualizations, and apply predictive analytics and statistics in a corporate environment using the best analytics tools and methodologies.|
DATA ANALYTICS|BUSINESS ANALYTICS MASTERS|Data Analytics Bootcamp|Data analytics is a field that combines information technology with business management to assist businesses in managing data, gaining business insights from it, and identifying expansion prospects. The course will provide you all of the skills you'll need to work as a data analyst.|Pawan Lalwani,
DATA ANALYTICS|BUSINESS ANALYTICS MASTERS|Business Analytics Crash Course|Learn the power of using powerful visualization tools such as PowerBi and Tableau alongside advanced excel coupled with the most important fundamentals of Python|
DATA ANALYTICS|BUSINESS ANALYTICS MASTERS|Business Analytics|Learn the power of using powerful visualization tools such as PowerBi and Tableau alongside advanced excel coupled with the most important fundamentals of Python|
DATA ANALYTICS|BUSINESS ANALYTICS MASTERS|Business Analytics Masters with 3 month Internship|Learn the power of using powerful visualization tools such as PowerBi and Tableau alongside advanced excel coupled with the most important fundamentals of Python|Amit Bose,
DATA ANALYTICS|POWER BI|Power BI Foundations|Power BI is a luxury tool in the hands of businesses overwhelmed by the amount of data they have on hand, and we don't have any other cost-effective way to pull insights than it until now. As a result, power BI swiftly establishes itself as the world's most powerful self-service business intelligence platform and an indispensable tool for both data pros and beginners.|Jayant Topnani,
DATA ANALYTICS|POWER BI|Power BI Course|Learn why Power BI delivers a comprehensive collection of Business Intelligence tools for your data analysis needs, and how to utilise these tools to do all of the aforementioned activities and more in this course. It's a fantasy to be able to organise your data in a matter of minutes, effortlessly add computations to it, and then generate and share beautiful charts from the data.|Pawan Lalwani,
DATA ANALYTICS|POWER BI|PowerBI Foundation|Microsoft Power BI is a data and analytics reporting tool that helps organizations bring together disparate data sets into reporting dashboards. Power BI is a suite of business analytics tools to analyze data and share insights. Power BI dashboards provide a 360-degree view for business users with their most important metrics in one place, updated in real time, and available on all of their devices.|Amit Bose,
DATA ANALYTICS|POWER BI PROJECTS|Power BI Projects|This course aims to make you aware of the project on a real scenario basis. Solve real-world business challenges using reports, visualizations, and other analytics tools that allow you to gather and exchange data from diverse domains.|Khushali Shah,
DATA ANALYTICS|TABLEAU|Tableau Foundation Course|Tableau enables critical decision-makers to learn how to display data and uncover data patterns such as customer purchase behavior, sales trends, or production bottlenecks. This course will cover all of Tableau's capabilities that allow you to explore, experiment with, prepare, and present data fast and beautifully throughout an organisation, and we'll walk you through the entire process so you can make an impact and join the industry.|Dr Nishtha Jain,
DATA ANALYTICS|TABLEAU|Tableau Course|The demand for effective, accessible, and actionable interfaces grows daily as enterprises gather more and more critical data. New business intelligence tools like Tableau drastically decrease the time and technical knowledge necessary to extract insights from data and present them in a style that is easily understood by the end user. In this course, you will learn to harness the power of Tableau for every step in the dashboard building process.|Pawan Lalwani,
DATA ANALYTICS|TABLEAU|Tableau Foundation|Tableau is a powerful and fastest growing data visualization tool used in the Business Intelligence Industry. It helps in simplifying raw data into the very easily understandable format. Tableau software is one of the fastest growing data visualization tools which is currently being used in the BI industry. It is the best way to change or transform the raw set of data into an easily understandable format with zero technical skills and coding knowledge.|Amit Bose,
DATA ANALYTICS|TABLEAU INTERVIEW QUESTIONS|Tableau Job Preparation|Tableau enables critical decision-makers to learn to display data and uncover data patterns such as customer purchase behaviour, sales trends, or production bottlenecks. We are presenting an end-to-end education for you to make a difference and join the industry. This course will cover all of the capabilities of Tableau that enable access to explore, experiment with, prepare, and present data quickly and beautifully throughout an organisation.|Khushali Shah,
DATA ANALYTICS|TABLEAU PROJECTS|Tableau Projects|Realtime Tableau dashboard implementations will help you boost your confidence. We are confident that the more you practice with Tableau projects, the faster you will progress toward being a competent Tableau Developer or a Data Analyst. Go through this course to understand how to implement various Tableau dashboards.|Khushali Shah,
DATA ANALYTICS|SQL|SQL Foundations|Data practitioners must master SQL since it is the most essential query language you can learn. Many prominent relational database management systems such as MySQL employ it. However, data analysis and big data frameworks and tools such as Apache Spark also utilise it. As a result, learning MySQL offers up a plethora of prospects and occupations - whether you want to work with relational databases or become a data scientist, knowing Mysql is essential. Even if you have no previous experience of MySQL, this practical course will build the groundwork for SQL and structured database querying.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
DATA ANALYTICS|SQL|Stored Procedures in SQL|In this course you will lean about A stored procedure is a prepared SQL code that you can save, so the code can be reused over and over again|MD Imran,
DATA ANALYTICS|SQL|SQL Projects|SQL is utilised for a wide range of things, including banking, music, social media, data analysis, and so on. The majority of firms rely on huge, relational databases and are continually on the lookout for SQL experts. This course covers real world scenario based projects to gain hands-on knowledge and implement in real time to build business solutions.|MD Imran,
DATA ANALYTICS|SQL INTERVIEW QUESTIONS|SQL Job Preparation|The bulk of businesses rely on large, relational databases, and they're always looking for SQL specialists. The purpose of this course is to improve your SQL abilities through interview questions and to prepare you for the questions that will most likely be asked during the interview.|MD Imran,
DATA ANALYTICS|EXCEL|Complete Excel Course|Excel is perhaps the most widely used spreadsheet on personal computers. It's simple to use for a variety of computations and comes with a Data Analysis Tool Pack and a collection of statistical tools. So, if you suddenly find yourself looking to undertake some statistical analysis, you may choose to start using Excel. So, in this course, you will study all there is to know about Excel, from the fundamentals to advanced topics, and you will have a thorough knowledge of its power and how to use it for data analysis and other applications.|Dr Nishtha Jain,
DATA ANALYTICS|EXCEL|Advance Excel|Learn advanced data visualisation and dashboard design techniques. This course will teach students how to use pivot tables, audit and evaluate worksheet data, apply data tools, collaborate with others, and create and manage macros.|MD Imran,
DATA ANALYTICS|DASHBOARDING|MSBI|The MSBI course is meant to give you an overview of the various tools in the Microsoft Business Intelligence Suite, such as SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Analysis Services, and SQL Server Reporting Services.|MD Imran,
DATA ANALYTICS|DASHBOARDING|Tibco Business Works|The principles and overview of TIBCO Active Matrix Business Works are covered in depth in this TIBCO Business Works course.|
DATA ANALYTICS|DASHBOARDING|Alteryx Course|Data preparation, blending, sophisticated analytics, and sharing of findings are becoming more popular in Self-Service Data Analytics. The worldwide operational analytics market is predicted to expand at an exponential scale by 2021, according to Research and Markets. They want data they can act on within a matter of hours, not weeks. Preparing, blending and analyzing data using a repeatable procedure with Alteryx Analytics is easy for analysts.|Pawan Lalwani,
DATA ANALYTICS|DASHBOARDING|Power Automate|This program is specialized in providing theoretical as well as practical understanding of the Microsoft Power Automate platform which allows you to learn how to automate certain process using Microsoft power automate. Course curriculum includes power automate features, dashboard, cloud functions and much more!|Khushali Shah,
DATA ANALYTICS|DASHBOARDING|DOMO BI|Upskill your analytics skills through the power of DOMO BI Platform. Digital metrics, such as lead analytics, web traffic, Web Analytics, etc would be very much useful for a particular business and that can be achieved by learning this analytical platform. You will be able to enhance your skill by exploring this DOMO BI Analytical platform.|Khushali Shah,
DATA ANALYTICS|DASHBOARDING|Alteryx|Upskill your analytics skills through the power of Alteryx Platform. Alteryx is an analytical platform enabling us to explore and visualize new discoveries in data through immersive dashboards and advanced analytics. You will be able to enhance your skill by exploring this Alteryx Analytical platform.|Khushali Shah,
DATA ANALYTICS|DASHBOARDING|Tibco Spotfire|Upskill your analytics skills through the power of Tibco Platform. Tibco spotfire is an analytical platform enabling us to explore and visualize new discoveries in data through immersive dashboards and advanced analytics. You will be able to enhance your skill by exploring this Tibco Analytical platform.|Khushali Shah,
DATA ANALYTICS|DASHBOARDING|AWS QuickSight|AWS Quicksight is one of the most powerful Business Intelligence tools which allows you to create interactive dashboards within minutes to provide business insights into the organizations. There are number of visualizations or graphical formats available in which the dashboards can be created. The dashboards get automatically updated as the data is updated or scheduled. You can also embed the dashboard created in Quicksight to your web application.|MD Imran,
DATA ANALYTICS|DASHBOARDING|Trifacta|In this course, you will learn the fundamentals of data wrangling using the Trifacta tool. Data wrangling helps to improve data usability as it converts raw data into a compatible format for further analytics and machine learning. Accelerate and visualize data transformation to improve the quality of your dataset and build automated pipelines with Trifacta.|Monal Kumar,
DATA ANALYTICS|DASHBOARDING|Microsoft PowerApps|This program is specialized in providing theoretical as well as practical understanding of the microsoft power apps  platform which allows you to learn customized app building process using microsoft powerapps. Course curriculum includes powerapps features, datasources, functions, common data services, model driven apps and much more!|Khushali Shah,
DATA ANALYTICS|DASHBOARDING|Qlik Sense|This program is specialized in providing theoretical as well as practical understanding of the Qlik Sense analytical platform which allows you to learn how to build analytical apps. Course curriculum includes concepts about Qlik sense features, different charts, hands-on and much more!|Khushali Shah,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|Full Stack JavaScript Bootcamp 2.0|Learn everything about JavaScript with React, Nodejs, MongoDB,  React Native, Tailwind, etc. Build industry-ready projects for web and mobile.|Hitesh Choudhary,Anurag Tiwari,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|Prisma Backend Development|This is a crash course on Prisma. Not an in-depth series on Prisma. This will get you up and running with Prisma in no time.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|Full Stack Django and React|ReactJS makes it simple to create dynamic and interactive online apps by providing elegant answers to some of front-end programming's most vexing problems. It is quick, scalable, adaptable, and powerful, and it has a thriving development community that is expanding quickly. The time is now to become familiar with React.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|Full Stack Django with React|ReactJS makes it simple to create dynamic and interactive online apps by providing elegant answers to some of front-end programming's most vexing problems. It is quick, scalable, adaptable, and powerful, and it has a thriving development community that is expanding quickly. The time is now to become familiar with React.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|Complete Front End Web Developer Bootcamp|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of Front End technologies used in Web development and implement them using various projects.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|The Pro Backend Developer|This course is tiled pro for a reason. In this practical hands-on course, you will learn how to build complex backend applications that can be used for any web or mobile application. Your REST API will be in production with docs, social logins, images, authentications, mail and, much more. This is a true pro backend course.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|The Complete Front End Web Developer Bootcamp|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of Front End technologies used in Web Developement and implement them using various projects.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|Publishing Custom Cocoapads|This course will help you to publish custom Cocoapads.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|Graph QL Crash Course|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of GraphQL.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|Fastify Crash Course|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of Fastify.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|Socket io Crash Course|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of socket.io .|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|MERN Stack Bootcamp|Learn complete web stack programming with React and Node by doing it the way a full-stack professional would do it. Learn how to create whole web apps from start to finish with one of the most trending tech stacks available. You can learn how to create data-driven applications, as well as how to test, protect, and deploy your code, in this thorough study path. This course necessitates a basic understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|Pro Backend Developer|This course is tiled pro for a reason. In this practical hands-on course, you will learn how to build complex backend applications that can be used for any web or mobile application. Your REST API will be in production with docs, social logins, images, authentications, mail and, much more. This is a true pro backend course.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|MERN Stack Beginner to Advance with Internship|This is a  MERN stack live mentor led certification program along with full time 6 monthsinternship provided by iNeuron intelligence private limited, where you will learn all the stack required to work in MERN, hosting including cloud technologies and real time industry project and product development along with iNeuron product development team and you will contribute on various level with iNeuron .|Keshav Singh,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT|Mern Stack|Learn how to build complete online applications with MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, and Nodejs.Mern stack is one of the most versatile tech stacks available. Learn front-end and hybrid mobile development, as well as server-side support, to build a multi-platform solution.|Syed Ashraf,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|JAVASCRIPT|TypeScript Crash Course|Grab the fundamentals of TypeScript through this crash course. This course helps you to get started with Typescript.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|JAVASCRIPT|JavaScript Fundamentals|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of JavaScript for web development.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|JAVASCRIPT|JavaScript Marathon|This community course will help you to grab the fundamentals of  JavaScript.|
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|NODE JS|Complete Backend Development with Nodejs|Javascript is being used for much more than it originally intended. All backend work may now be done through javascript. In this course , we will  learn how to use current javascript to develop comprehensive backend code. To begin, we'll use VSCode to set up some tools. Then we'll learn how to build our own web server without using any third-party modules. After that, we'll learn express . We will also learn how to send web-based and JSON-based responses. We'll go into body parser, middleware, and templating in more detail later.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|NODE JS|Node JS Foundation|The entire course focuses on transforming you into a professional Node developer capable of creating, testing, and deploying real-world production apps. You'll be programming every project from the beginning and working through challenges that I've made to reinforce what you've learned. This will provide you with the practical experience you'll need to design and launch your project once you're finished.|Syed Ashraf,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|NODE JS|Complete Backend development with Nodejs|Javascript is being used for much more than it originally intended. All backend work may now be done through javascript. In this course, we will learn how to use current javascript to develop comprehensive backend code. To begin, we'll use VSCode to set up some tools. Then we'll learn how to build our own web server without using any third-party modules. After that, we'll learn express. We will also learn how to send web-based and JSON-based responses. We'll go into body parser, middleware, and templating in more detail later.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|NODE JS|Node JS|Node.js is an open source, cross-platform runtime environment for developing server-side and networking applications. Node.js applications are written in JavaScript, and can be run within the Node.js runtime on OS X, Microsoft Windows, and Linux. It utilizes an event-driven, non-blocking I/O model that makes it lightweight, efficient and excellent for data-intensive real-time applications that run across shared devices.|Keshav Singh,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|ANGULAR JS|Complete Angular Developer Bootcamp|Do you want to develop front-end applications more quickly and with less code that are robust, manageable, and testable? Then think about enrolling in this course to learn about AngularJS, one of the most widely used Single Page Application (SPA) frameworks available today. Because it was created and is supported by Google, AngularJS is extremely marketable expertise.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|ANGULAR JS|Angular Crash Course|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of Angular.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|ANGULAR JS|Angular JS Course|This course will help you to learn the fundamentals and the practical implementations of Angular JS.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|ANGULAR JS|Angular|"Angular 13 simply is the latest version of Angular 2. It will be started from scratch so need to be prepared for anything. Angular is one of the most popular, performance-efficient, and powerful frontend frameworks you can learn as of today. You can build great web apps using this framework. And as always you will have the support of the Google Community."|Syed Ashraf,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|ANGULAR JS|Angular JS|Angular is a platform and framework for building single-page client applications using HTML and TypeScript. Angular is written in TypeScript. It implements core and optional functionality as a set of TypeScript libraries that you import into your apps. AngularJS is a client side JavaScript MVC framework to develop a dynamic web application. AngularJS was originally started as a project in Google but now, it is open source framework.|Keshav Singh,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|CSS|Materialize CSS Crash Course|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of Materialize CSS.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|HTML|HTML and CSS for Web Development|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of HTML and CSS for web development.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|HTML|HTML and CSS|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of HTML and CSS for web development.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|HTML|Write quicker HTML5 and CSS 3; productivity hacks with emmet4|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of emmet when using HTML5 and CSS3.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|REACT|Complete ReactJs Developer Bootcamp|This course will teach you React.js in a hands-on manner, utilising all of the most up-to-date patterns and best practises. To become a React.js developer, you will master all of the foundations as well as advanced ideas and associated subjects. This course will provide you with a wealth of essential material and expertise, whether you are new to React or have some basic React experience.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|REACT|Build an Ecommerce with ReactJS|This course will help you to grab the implementation of React to build an ecommerce site.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|REACT|ReactJS Crash Course|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of ReactJS.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|REACT|Complete ReactJS Developer Bootcamp|This course will teach you React.js in a hands-on manner, utilizing all of the most up-to-date patterns and best practices. To become a React.js developer, you will master all of the foundations as well as advanced ideas and associated subjects. This course will provide you with a wealth of essential material and expertise, whether you are new to React or have some basic React experience.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|REACT|React JS|React JS is a JavaScript library used in web development to build interactive elements on websites. React is a declarative, efficient, and flexible JavaScript library for building user interfaces. It lets you compose complex UIs from small and isolated pieces of code called “components”. React is the most popular front-end JavaScript library in the field of web development. It is used by large, established companies and newly-minted startups alike (Netflix, Airbnb, Instagram, and the New York Times, etc)|Keshav Singh,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|VUE JS|Complete VueJS Development|VueJS is the shooting star in the world of JavaScript frameworks, regardless of whatever measure you choose (Google Trends, Tweets, etc.). This course covers the most recent version of Vue in great depth and from the ground up. In this course, we will go over all of the fundamentals of VueJs. Vue JS and other frontend frameworks are incredibly popular because they provide the same dynamic, fantastic user experience that we have come to expect from mobile applications - but now in the browsers as well.  And it is no surprise that positions requiring frontend framework expertise such as VueJS are among the highest-paying in the business!|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|VUE JS|VueJS Crash Course|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of VueJs.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|VUE JS|Vuejs|VueJS is the shooting star in the world of JavaScript frameworks, regardless of whatever measure you choose (Google Trends, Tweets, etc.). This course covers the most recent version of Vue in great depth and from the ground up.In this course, we will  go over all of the fundamental of VueJs. Vue JS and other frontend frameworks are incredibly popular because they provide the same dynamic, fantastic user experience that we have come to expect from mobile applications - but now in the browsers as well.  And it is no surprise that positions requiring frontend framework expertise such as VueJS are among the highest-paying in the business!|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|WEB DEVELOPMENT PROJECT|Stripe with React and Node Crash Course|This course will help you to grab the implementation of Stripe with React and Node.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|WEB DEVELOPMENT PROJECT|Mern Stack Projects|Build Project with Full Stack Web Development using MERN. Build your MERN stack projects with ReactJS, Redux, Hooks and Context, NodeJS, express and MongoDB, real-time projects. Learn how to build a powerful and fully functional social media website using MERN.|Syed Ashraf,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|DJANGO|Backend Development with Django-8 Projects|The most widely used Python web development framework is Django. Django is a Python framework that covers all elements of web development, from handling requests and answers to creating dynamic HTML pages using templates and making database access and maintenance simple. This course has it all baked in, and it's all covered in excellent depth. Django is taught from the ground up in this course. We'll start from the beginning and work our way up, learning how to construct Django projects, execute them, and add functionality step by step.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|DJANGO|Django Course|The most widely used Python web development framework is Django. Django is a Python framework that covers all elements of web development, from handling requests and answers to creating dynamic HTML pages using templates and making database access and maintenance simple. This course has it all baked in, and it's all covered in excellent depth. Django is taught from the ground up in this course. We'll start from the beginning and work our way up, learning how to construct Django projects, execute them, and add functionality step by step.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|DJANGO|Back-end development with Django-8 Projects|The most widely used Python web development framework is Django. Django is a Python framework that covers all elements of web development, from handling requests and answers to creating dynamic HTML pages using templates and making database access and maintenance simple. This course has it all baked in, and it's all covered in excellent depth. Django is taught from the ground up in this course. We'll start from the beginning and work our way up, learning how to construct Django projects, execute them, and add functionality step by step.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|DJANGO|Django|Django is a Python-based web framework. You'll be developing and learning about Django one step at a time in this course. We'll go through all you need to know about using Python, Django and other web technologies to create a website.|Khushali Shah,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|BOOTSTRAP|Complete Bootstrap4 - Build 5 Projects|This course will take you from having no prior knowledge of Bootstrap to mastering all of the utilities, components, widgets, and grids, as well as designing real-world themes and websites. This project oriented course does not need prior knowledge of Bootstrap .Upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to build responsive and interactive websites and beautiful static pages using the bootstrap framework. So hurry up and enroll now to start a successful career as a front-end  web developer.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|BOOTSTRAP|Complete Bootstrap - 5 Projects|This course will take you from having no prior knowledge of Bootstrap to mastering all of the utilities, components, widgets, and grids, as well as designing real-world themes and websites. This project-oriented course does not need prior knowledge of Bootstrap. Upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to build responsive and interactive websites and beautiful static pages using the bootstrap framework. So hurry up and enrol now to start a successful career as a front-end web developer.|Hitesh Choudhary,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|FAST API|FastAPI|FastAPI is a modern, high-performance, web framework for building APIs with Python. This course is specifically developed for beginners! This implies that irrespective of your background, you will be able to master one of the most popular frameworks on the market. All you need is a basic understanding of Python.|Monal Kumar,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|WEB DEVELOPEMENT INTERVIEW|HTML CSS Coding Interview Preparation|This course is designed mostly for HTML CSS test takers.|
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|WEB DEVELOPEMENT INTERVIEW|JavaScript Coding Interview Preparation|This course is designed mostly for JavaScript test takers.|
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|WEB DEVELOPEMENT INTERVIEW|Mern stack job preparation|This section is a Step by step guide to common questions, how to solve them, optimize, and present them during tech interviews. Learn exactly how you need to answer difficult questions and the framework you need for ANY kind of questions they throw at you. Become a better MERN developer by mastering interview fundamentals.|Syed Ashraf,
WEB DEVELOPEMENT|NEXTJS|NextJS Full stack crash course|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of NextJs.|Hitesh Choudhary,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|REACT NATIVE|Complete React Native Mobile App Developer|There is no need to learn Java, Android Development, Swift programming, or anything else, all you need is React and JavaScript to build great native mobile applications including both Android and iOS. This is undoubtedly why Instagram, Uber, Skype, and plenty of other major brands use it to create mobile applications. You may join this league if you complete this course. You'll learn all there is to know about React Native's philosophy and fundamental principles, as well as how to create responsive designs that function on a variety of device sizes, how to navigate, and much more.|Hitesh Choudhary,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|REACT NATIVE|React Native|There is no need to learn Java, Android Development, Swift programming, or anything else, all you need is React and JavaScript to build great native mobile applications including both Android and iOS. This is undoubtedly why Instagram, Uber, Skype, and plenty of other major brands use it to create mobile applications. You may join this league if you complete this course. You'll learn all there is to know about React Native's philosophy and fundamental principles, as well as how to create responsive designs that function on a variety of device sizes, how to navigate, and much more.|Hitesh Choudhary,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|ANDROID|Android Technical Interview Preparation|This course is designed mostly for Android test takers.|
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|ANDROID|Android P with Machine Learning Apps|Learning Android Development with Machine Learning will look great on any Android developer's CV. Machine Learning is a kind of Artificial Intelligence (AI) that allows software to learn, explore, and predict outcomes without the need for human intervention. Machine learning has been employed in a variety of industries, and it is currently being actively used to the creation of mobile applications. Machine learning algorithms can analyse specific user activity patterns and respond to search queries with ideas and recommendations. This course will teach you how to use Android with Machine Learning .|Hitesh Choudhary,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|ANDROID|Android Chatapp with FireBase|If you are an Android developer, but you have not yet created an Android chat app, then you're losing out on the actual excitement of development. Real-time messaging, which is at the heart of every real-time application, is another feature of chat applications. You may have seen and used a variety of different Android chat applications and longed to have your own.  Take a closer look at how Firebase is used to develop an excellent full-stack Android chat app. This course will walk you through the whole process of creating a feature-rich Android chat app.|Hitesh Choudhary,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|ANDROID|Android Programming with Machine Learning Apps|Learning Android Development with Machine Learning will look great on any Android developer's CV. Machine Learning is a kind of Artificial Intelligence (AI) that allows the software to learn, explore, and predict outcomes without the need for human intervention. Machine learning has been employed in a variety of industries, and it is currently being actively used in the creation of mobile applications. Machine learning algorithms can analyse specific user activity patterns and respond to search queries with ideas and recommendations. This course will teach you how to use Android with Machine Learning .|Hitesh Choudhary,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|ANDROID|Android Chat app with FireBase|If you are an Android developer, but you have not yet created an Android chat app, then you're losing out on the actual excitement of development. Real-time messaging, which is at the heart of every real-time application, is another feature of chat applications. You may have seen and used a variety of different Android chat applications and longed to have your own.  Take a closer look at how Firebase is used to develop an excellent full-stack Android chat app. This course will walk you through the whole process of creating a feature-rich Android chat app.|Hitesh Choudhary,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|ANDROID|App Building Using Android|This course will teach students how to use core Java programming to create mobile apps. Create your first Android app with Android Studio, learn how to run it on a device or emulator, and add interactive widgets and objects to your app. You will learn how to use Android Studio to get started with Android development and how to publish your own apps on the Google Play store.|
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|KOTLIN|Kotlin|This course will teach you Kotlin programming.  Since we start from the beginning, this course is ideal for total beginners. Several code tasks will allow you to put everything you have learned into practise. So, at the end, you'll be able to write your own Kotlin apps. If you're an Android developer, this course will help you learn the basics of the language. You'll be able to develop more powerful Android applications with Kotlin because it allows you to maintain a cleaner and more expressive code base, leverage notions that go beyond even Java 8, and maintain a cleaner and more expressive code base.|Hitesh Choudhary,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|IOS|Complete iOS 16 Developer with SwiftUI and 8 Apps|Learn iOS development with SwiftUI and building a lot of apps.|Hitesh Choudhary,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|IOS|Complete iOS 16 Developer with Swift and 8 Apps|Learn iOS development with SwiftUI and building a lot of apps.|Hitesh Choudhary,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|DART|Dart Language|Learn how to write Dart programmes from the ground up. This course is designed for those who have never programmed before. Dart is a strong and expressive language with a simple learning curve. This makes it an excellent first language. Dart provides a client-optimized language, rich and powerful frameworks, and flexible tools to help you create attractive, high-quality experiences across all screens.|Hitesh Choudhary,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|DART|Dart Programming|Learn how to write Dart programmes from the ground up. This course is designed for those who have never programmed before. Dart is a strong and expressive language with a simple learning curve. This makes it an excellent first language. Dart provides a client-optimized language, rich and powerful frameworks, and flexible tools to help you create attractive, high-quality experiences across all screens.|Hitesh Choudhary,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|DART|DART|Dart is a programming language designed for client development, such as for the web and mobile apps. It is developed by Google and can also be used to build server and desktop applications. Dart is an object-oriented, class-based, garbage-collected language with C-style syntax.|Syed Ashraf,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|FLUTTER|Complete Flutter Course - iOS Android Apps|Learn how to use Flutter, Google's latest mobile framework, to develop quick and beautiful mobile apps. With no prior expertise, you will rapidly learn how to construct any application with Flutter in this course. upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to create interactive and responsive applications using the flutter development kit.|Hitesh Choudhary,
MOBILE DEVELOPEMENT|FLUTTER|Flutter|Learn how to use Flutter, Google's latest mobile framework, to develop quick and beautiful mobile apps. With no prior expertise, you will rapidly learn how to construct any application with Flutter in this course. upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to create interactive and responsive applications using the flutter development kit.|Hitesh Choudhary,
BLOCKCHAIN|BLOCKCHAIN MASTERS|Blockchain Foundations|Presenting the blockchain community session where students will learn the fundamentals of Blockchain Technology along with Solidity programming fundamentals with hands-on practical problems. Learners will learn to build their own cryptocurrency after completion of this community session|Sanjeevan Thorat,
BLOCKCHAIN|BLOCKCHAIN MASTERS|Full Stack Blockchain Development Tech Neuron|Full Stack Blockchain Development course is a live mentor-led certification program with by iNeuron. In this course you will learn the entire stack required to work in Permissionless Blockchain development. This course focuses on latest Blockchain industry standards like Ethereum Blockchain, Solidity, Decentralized Autonomous Organisations, Decentralized Finance, Non Fungible Tokens, Polygon Network, Polkadot Blockchain, Oracles along with complete development stack in Javascript and many more Blockchain concepts.|
BLOCKCHAIN|BLOCKCHAIN MASTERS|Full Stack Blockchain Development|Full Stack Blockchain Development course is a live mentor-led certification program with by iNeuron. In this course you will learn the entire stack required to work in Permissionless Blockchain development. This course focuses on latest Blockchain industry standards like Ethereum Blockchain, Solidity, Decentralized Autonomous Organisations, Decentralized Finance, Non Fungible Tokens, Polygon Network, Polkadot Blockchain, Oracles along with complete development stack in Javascript and many more Blockchain concepts.|krish naik,Sanjeevan Thorat,Navin Reddy,
BLOCKCHAIN|BLOCKCHAIN MASTERS|Blockchain for Beginners|Blockchain course is designed to provide an in depth knowledge on various aspects & concepts of blockchain. A step by step learning will be help to focus on each & every parameter of Blockchain. This course will take you into a deep dive into the state of the art blockchain technology and how to create our own mini blockchain using JavaScript. Moreover, this is a project-ready course which will help you take whatever you learn and apply it into a real-world portfolio-ready app, which you can showcase to the world.|Sanjeevan Thorat,
BLOCKCHAIN|BLOCKCHAIN MASTERS|Blockchain|Blockchain course is designed to provide an in depth knowledge on various aspects & concepts of blockchain. A step by step learning will be help to focus on each & every parameter of Blockchain. This course will take you into a deep dive into the state of the art blockchain technology and how to create our own mini blockchain using Javacript. Moreover, this is a project-ready course which will help you take whatever you learn and apply it into a real-world portfolio-ready app, which you can showcase to the world.|
BLOCKCHAIN|SOLIDITY|Solidity Live Class|Solidity & Solana Blockchain course is designed to provide an in depth knowledge on various aspects & concepts of blockchain & Solidity. A step by step learning will be help to focus on each & every parameter of Blockchain. This course will take you into a deep dive into the state of the art blockchain technology and how to go about writing smart contracts in the ethereal platform. Moreover, this is a project-ready course which will help you take whatever you learn and apply it into a real-world portfolio-ready app, which you can showcase to the world.|Sanjeevan Thorat,
BLOCKCHAIN|SOLIDITY|Solidity|Solidity & Solana Blockchain course is designed to provide an in depth knowledge on various aspects & concepts of blockchain & Solidity. A step by step learning will be help to focus on each & every parameter of Blockchain. This course will take you into a deep dive into the state of the art blockchain technology and how to go about writing smart contracts in the ethereal platform. Moreover, this is a project-ready course which will help you take whatever you learn and apply it into a real-world portfolio-ready app, which you can showcase to the world.|
PROGRAMMING|JAVA|Java Community Class|This Java Community session is intended to assist tech enthusiasts in learning the most popular programming language in the technology sector. This course covers the majority of Java Language features in great detail. These classes don't require any prerequisites.|Hyder Abbas,
PROGRAMMING|JAVA|Full Stack Java Developer|The Full Stack Java Developer Job Guarantee Program offers a comprehensive set of software development skills. This one-of-a-kind industry curriculum will help you learn the entire Full Stack Java Development process. Create industry-ready projects and be prepared to land opportunities in top organisations.|Navin Reddy,Hyder Abbas,Nitin M,
PROGRAMMING|JAVA|Java Coding Interview Preparation|This course is designed mostly for Java test takers.|
PROGRAMMING|JAVA|Pro Aptitude - Java|This course is designed mostly for Java test takers.|
PROGRAMMING|JAVA|Enterprise Java with Spring Boot Tech Neuron|Java is one of the most widely used programming languages, owing to its versatility and compatibility. Java can be used for a variety of purposes, including software development, mobile application development, and large-scale system development. This Java course will teach you all you need to know to get started with Java.|
PROGRAMMING|JAVA|Java Foundations|This course has been designed to help you become a complete and professional Java engineer at the conclusion of the course, rather than only teaching essential Java skills. To guarantee that you grasp the Java language, the course has been designed to be very thorough, covering the majority of Java language features and explaining them in great detail. Tons of best practises and design ideas are described and illustrated in code to guarantee you are industry-ready and can create well-designed, professional code.|Navin Reddy,
PROGRAMMING|JAVA|Enterprise Java with Spring Boot|Java is one of the most widely used programming languages, owing to its versatility and compatibility. Java can be used for various purposes, including software development, mobile application development, and large-scale system development. This Java course will teach you all you need to know to get started with Java.|Navin Reddy,Hyder Abbas,Nitin M,
PROGRAMMING|JAVA|Java Bootcamp|This course has been designed to help you become a complete and professional Java engineer at the conclusion of the course, rather than only teaching essential Java skills. To guarantee that you grasp the Java language, the course has been designed to be very thorough, covering the majority of Java language features and explaining them in great detail. Tons of best practises and design ideas are described and illustrated in code to guarantee you are industry-ready and can create well-designed, professional code.|Hitesh Choudhary,
PROGRAMMING|C|C Coding Interview Preparation|This course is designed mostly for C test takers.|
PROGRAMMING|C|C language for Absolute Beginners|This course is designed mostly for novice programmers who may not have any prior programming language knowledge. From the most fundamental to the most sophisticated subjects, there is something for everyone. Step by step, from a simple to a sophisticated programme. This course should be taken if one want to pursue a career as a programmer.|Saurabh Shukla,
PROGRAMMING|C|C Programming|This course is designed mostly for novice programmers who may not have any prior programming language knowledge. From the most fundamental to the most sophisticated subjects, there is something for everyone. Step by step, from a simple to a sophisticated programme. This course should be taken if one want to pursue a career as a programmer. C programming is widely regarded as the cornerstone for all computer languages. If one is comfortable with C, they may go on to other languages such as PHP, C++, or Java.|Hitesh Choudhary,
PROGRAMMING|C++|C++ Coding Interview Preparation|This course is designed mostly for C++ test takers.|
PROGRAMMING|C++|C++ Bootcamp for Beginners|Ultimate modern C++ Bootcamp. A modern approach to understand C++. By mastering the fundamentals of the language, you can start writing C++ programmes right away. Additionally, you will hear several methods and viewpoints on using C++ professionally.|Hitesh Choudhary,
PROGRAMMING|C++|A Job Ready Bootcamp in  C++, DSA and IOT Tech Neuron|C++ Job Ready course has been created specifically to familiarize you with the concepts & applications of C++ in industry. This Course is for the students who want to build strong concepts & theories with Project Building with data structures and IOT applications.  Through this course, you will be confident enough to crack any kind of interview related to C++.|
PROGRAMMING|C++|C++ Bootcamp|Ultimate modern C++ Bootcamp. A modern approach to understand C++.|Hitesh Choudhary,
PROGRAMMING|C++|C++ Job Preparation|C++ Interview-ready course has been created specifically to familiarize you with the types of questions you may encounter during the interview. This course is for the people who want to prepare for their interview after learning all the initial concepts & theories with Project Building. After completing this course, you will be confident enough to crack any discussion related to C++.|Umang Pincha,
PROGRAMMING|C Sharp|C Sharp Programming|Learn the fundamentals of C# programming.|
PROGRAMMING|GOLANG|Golang|The following concepts will be covered in this course training: golang basics, features, environment setup, program structure, syntaxes, data types, type casting, operators, array, recursion, interfaces, error handling, and packages, among others.|Hitesh Choudhary,
PROGRAMMING|PYTHON|Full Stack Web Development with Python in Hindi Tech Neuron|Full Stack Python with Django is specially created to fulfil the standards set by the industry. You may learn a lot about Python, the Django REST framework, Django Models, React, and other topics in this lengthy online interactive course. With the Python Django program, you will also gain proficiency with the web framework while working on practical use cases.|Saurabh Shukla,
PROGRAMMING|PYTHON|Python3 Scratch To Pro|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of Python3 and implement in real life to solve problems.|Hitesh Choudhary,
PROGRAMMING|PYTHON|Python Crash Course by Hitesh|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of Python.|Hitesh Choudhary,
PROGRAMMING|PYTHON|Advanced Python|The purpose of this course is to teach students about Python's advanced  modules. Using various assigned challenges, we'll go through several  advanced python modules in order to create real-time apps. The information  in this course should be understood by anybody with a basic familiarity of the  Python programming language. Students will receive hands-on practical  experience in producing industrial projects after successfully completing  the course. You might begin applying for freelancing employment in order  to make a fortune.|Shubham Sharma,
PROGRAMMING|PYTHON|Programming in Python|This course will teach you the fundamentals of Python Programming. Python is an easy-to-learn programming language that allows you to get started in programming without having any prior programming experience. This course is designed for Beginners who have never coded before, as well as experienced student programmers who wish to learn Python to expand their career choices.|Shubham Sharma,
PROGRAMMING|PYTHON|Python Crash Course|Throughout this course, you will learn everything you need to know about Python, from the basics to advanced topics. In addition, python applications such as Download Manager will be built using sophisticated techniques to assist you in becoming a professional programmer capable of securing well-paying jobs.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
PROGRAMMING|PYTHON|Python for Beginner|The goal of this course is to educate everyone on the fundamentals of computer programming using Python. We'll go over the fundamentals of building a programme in Python from a set of simple instructions. There are no prerequisites for this course. Anyone with a basic understanding of computers should be able to grasp the valuable content in this course.|Sudhanshu Kumar,
PROGRAMMING|SHELL SCRIPTING|Bash Scripting|This course teaches you how to automate processes on UNIX systems using shell scripts. On a UNIX system, bash shell scripts allow you to automate almost any task. They combine all of the UNIX userland utilities with a robust scripting language. Shell scripts will increase your productivity whether you're a system administrator, a developer, or a power user.|Ermin Kreponic,
PROGRAMMING|SCALA|Scala|With actual executions and examples, this course will help you learn object-oriented parts of Scala, such as trait methods and XML. By the end of the course, you'll have a solid working knowledge of Scala and be able to apply it in real-world situations.|Navin Reddy,
PROGRAMMING|R|R Shiny|This program is specialized in providing theoretical as well as practical understanding of the RShiny package from R which allows you to learn how to build web app using Shiny package. Course curriculum includes concepts about shiny package features, handson, sharing apps and much more!|Khushali Shah,
PROGRAMMING|R|R Programming Projects|This course will help you gain extensive knowledge by building various projects on real-time datasets. This will not only clear all your concepts but also give you in-depth knowledge and hands-on experience of working with R programming on various industry level projects.|MD Imran,
PROGRAMMING|R|R Programming Job Preparation|R had over 2 million users globally in 2012, according to Oracle, reinforcing R's position as the premier programming language in statistics and data research. Every year, the number of R users increases by roughly 40%, and a rising number of businesses are incorporating it into their daily operations. This course is designed for individuals who are willing to start their journey with R programming to get into the field of Data Science or Machine Learning.|Shlok Pandey,
PROGRAMMING|R|R Programming|R is a programming language used for statistical computing, data manipulation, data visualization and implementing Machine Learning algorithms. It is widely used by researchers from diverse disciplines to estimate and analyze the result. Moreover, R programming is a wonderful statistical tool extensively used in the industry for the task which requires exhaustive research to analyze and understand the data. In this course, you will be going to learn R programming thoroughly and implement some widely used Machine Learning algorithms.|Shlok Pandey,
PROGRAMMING|JULIA|Julia Programming|Julia is a high-level, high-performance, dynamic programming language. Julia is also a general-purpose language it can be used to create applications, and many of its features are well suited for numerical analysis and computational science. Upon completion of this course, you will be able to perform Julia programming and you will be able to get a kickstart on how to use Julia for Data Science.|Jaydeep Dixit,
PROGRAMMING|LATEX|Latex|LaTeX is a document preparation system that is widely used in many scientific domains, including mathematics, statistics, computer science, engineering, chemistry, physics, economics, and linguistics. This is the place to start if you've never used LaTeX before or if it's been a while and you need a refresher. This course will get you started writing LaTeX right away with interactive exercises that you may complete online instead of downloading and installing LaTeX on your own computer.|Manjunatha A,
PROGRAMMING|MATLAB|Matlab Basic to Advance|MATLAB(matrix laboratory) is a multi-paradigm numerical computing environment and fourth-generation programming language which is used by engineering and science students. In this course, we will start learning MATLAB from a beginner level, and will gradually move into more technical and advanced topics. This course is designed to be general in scope which means that it will be beneficial to students in any major. Once, passed a certain learning threshold, you will definitely enjoy MATLAB Programming. The key benefit of MATLAB is that it makes the programming available to everyone and is very fast to turn ideas into working products compared to some of the conventional programming languages such as Java, C, C++, visual basic, and others.|
PROGRAMMING|SPRING BOOT|Spring Boot|Spring Boot is an opinionated, simple-to-use extension to the Spring platform that is extremely beneficial for quickly developing stand-alone, production-ready apps. Spring Boot is a strong framework for quickly developing web apps with minimal code. The course will teach you how to use Spring Boot to create a variety of projects.|
PROGRAMMING|SAS|SAS Programming|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of SAS programming and its application in the industry..|
PROGRAMMING|API|APIGEE|This course will help you to learn the fundamentals of APIGEE.|Khushali Shah,
PROGRAMMING|API|Mulesoft|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of Mulesoft and its application in the industry.|Manjunatha A,
CYBER SECURITY|CYBERSECURITY MASTERS|Pre Ethical Hacking Community Class|Worried about getting into Cyber Security Career, if you are from Non-technical background or even technical background and want to switch your career to Cyber Security. So join with me in community class to boost your future proof career in Cyber Security.|Mukesh Kumar Rao,
CYBER SECURITY|CYBERSECURITY MASTERS|Ethical Hacking & Penetration Testing|Ethical hacking is a topic that has grown increasingly essential in today's world, and it can assist individuals and companies in adopting safe IT practices and usage. This ethical hacking course will teach you those skills as well as prepare you for associated certification examinations, allowing you to demonstrate your competence.|
CYBER SECURITY|CYBERSECURITY MASTERS|Cyber Security Masters Tech Neuron|One of the most famous FAQ on google is “How to get started with Ethical hacking”? The perfect way to find the correct opportunity according to your potential is to take a deep dive into a course that has a great variety with a lot of practical practice. This is an ISO 27001 government certified course that covers Bug Bounty & Web Pentesting, system exploitation, network pentesting, android pentesting,  Forensics etc.From this course, our students have found bugs in big organizations like Harvard, Huawei, Nike, BMW, Doordarshan, Nykaa, GoodRx etc.|
CYBER SECURITY|CYBERSECURITY MASTERS|Cyber Security Foundations|One of the most famous FAQ on google is “How to get started with Ethical hacking”? The perfect way to find the correct opportunity according to your potential is to take a deep dive into a course that has a great variety with a lot of practical practice.|Saksham Choudhary,
CYBER SECURITY|CYBERSECURITY MASTERS|Cyber Security Masters|One of the most famous FAQ on google is “How to get started with Ethical hacking”? The perfect way to find the correct opportunity according to your potential is to take a deep dive into a course that has a great variety with a lot of practical practice. This is an ISO 27001 government-certified course that covers Bug Bounty & Web Pentesting, system exploitation, network pentesting, android pentesting,  Forensics, etc. From this course, our students have found bugs in big organizations like Harvard, Huawei, Nike, BMW, Doordarshan, Nykaa, GoodRx etc.|Saksham Choudhary,
CYBER SECURITY|CYBERSECURITY MASTERS|Certified Ethical Hacker Bootcamp|Ethical hacking is a topic that has grown increasingly essential in today's world, and it can assist individuals and companies in adopting safe IT practices and usage. This ethical hacking course will teach you those skills as well as prepare you for associated certification examinations, allowing you to demonstrate your competence.|Joseph Delgadillo,
TESTING|AUTOMATION TESTING|Web Automation Using Selenium Community Class|In this course you will learn automation testing using Selenium. Selenium is one of the testing suite which has different components Selenium WebDriver, Selenium IDE, Selenium Grid. During this course, you will learn how to automate web application using Selenium 4. You can automate Smoke test,Regression test and end to end test cases.|Mukesh Otwani,
TESTING|AUTOMATION TESTING|Web Automation Using Selenium With Java and Cucumber BDD Tech Neuron|In this live training program, you will be learning everything about Automation using different tools and libraries. We will be starting with Java from the scratch (from zero) and will be automating Web Applications and API's as well. This course includes most of leading tools, libraries and framework TestNG, Cucumber, Maven, Git, Github, Github Actions, Docker and Jenkins (CI-CD). After this course you will be ready to attend interviews and will be able to automate different Web Applications.|Mukesh Otwani,
TESTING|AUTOMATION TESTING|Job Ready Automation Tester with JavaScript Tech Neuron|In this live training program, you will be learning everything about Automation using different tools and libraries. We will be starting with JavaScript from the scratch (from zero) and will be automating Web Applications and API's as well. This course includes most of leading tools and framework like Cypress, PlayWright, WebDriverIO with different libraries and integration with Chai, Mocha, JEST, Git, Github, Github Actions, Docker and Jenkins (CI-CD). After this course you will be ready to attend interviews and will be able to automate different Web Applications.|Mukesh Otwani,
TESTING|AUTOMATION TESTING|Web Automation Foundations|During this community sessions we are going to have lot of Q&A sessions on Automation Career Guidance, Interview preparations , Web Automation using Selenium, TestNG and Maven too.|Mukesh Otwani,
TESTING|MANUAL TESTING|Manual Testing Kickstart|The goal of this course is to learn the fundamental ideas and methods of Software Testing. Software testing Basics, SDLC Models,  Waterfall, V, Spiral, and Agile model, STLC, Phases & Types of Testing, Black Box  & White Box Testing, Smoke & Sanity Testing, Regression & Retesting will all be covered in the training. You will learn about, Test Planning, Test case identification & Creation, Test case execution, Bug Management, and Bug Tracking tools like Jira, and Test Reporting.MySQL for backend data validation will also be covered.|Kiran Sahu,
TESTING|MANUAL TESTING|Manual Testing Foundations|This course will help you get started with Software Testing. We will discuss different terms and terminologies to develop a QA mindset. We will also discuss about roles and responsibilities of a software tester and what are the day-to-day activities that you have to perform as a tester. You will also learn STLC (Software Testing Life Cycle)and its different phases and at the end, we will use a very useful in-demand tool called "JIRA".|Kiran Sahu,
DIGITAL MARKETING|DIGITAL MARKETING MASTERS|Digital Marketing Bootcamp in Hindi Tech Neuron|Digital Marketing Course Will Help You  in  businesses of all sizes by giving access to the mass market at an affordable price. Unlike TV or print advertising, it allows truly personalised marketing. Digital marketing also comes with a number of challenges you should be aware of. The main advantage of digital marketing is that a targeted audience can be reached in a cost-effective and measurable way. Other digital marketing advantages include increasing brand loyalty and driving online sales.|
DIGITAL MARKETING|DIGITAL MARKETING MASTERS|Digital Marketing and Youtube Niche Foundations|May I will tell you in the coming 15th class on YouTube how you can use YouTube and digital marketing, You will be able to do your youtube and Digital Marketing and you will make good career in this filed, this will be a free program of 15 days. on youtube we make creators YouTube channel|Amresh Bharti,
DIGITAL MARKETING|DIGITAL MARKETING MASTERS|Digital Marketing Foundation|Grow your digital marketing results faster through the power of growth hacking! In this industry-leading course, you’ll discover the extraordinary benefits of digital metrics, including lean analytics, web traffic, digital conversion funnels, and LTV and CAC calculations.|
DIGITAL MARKETING|DIGITAL MARKETING MASTERS|Digital Marketing|Grow your digital marketing results faster through the power of growth of businesses(brand), products, and services. Digital metrics, such as lead analytics, web traffic, Web Analytics, social media marketing, content marketing, Email Marketing, Search Engine marketing, digital conversion of audience ,etc will be covered in this course. You will be able to enhance your skill and you can explore industry-driven practices to keep your self ready for tomorrow.|Ankur Khanna,
DIGITAL MARKETING|EMAIL MARKETING|Email Marketing|Email Marketing course is designed to provide an in depth knowledge on various aspects & concepts of Email Marketing. A step by step learning will be help to focus on each & every parameter of Email Marketing. The Email marketing course will take you through the end-to-end process of Emailing, Email design & templates, Email Subscription management, Reporting, Analytics and more.|Ankur Khanna,
DIGITAL MARKETING|YOUTUBE MARKETING|Youtube Mastery Course in Hindi Tech Neuron|Video Mastery Course  Is To Learn About How You can Work On Youtube And Grow Your channel To earn money through your videos, you will have to have a Google AdSense account. Don’t have a Google AdSense account? You are able to create a new Google AdSense account with your YouTube channel.|
DIGITAL MARKETING|DIGITAL MARKETING PROJECT|Digital Marketing Projects|This course aims to explain the detailed life cycle of digital marketing projects and provide a thorough overview of all digital marketing channels and components. This program specializes in providing hands-on experience and cultivating skills to work on a real-time Problem - solution in digital marketing.|Ankur Khanna,
CLOUD|AWS|AWS Architect for the Real World|This Amazon AWS course will take you from AWS fundamentals to being a professional AWS cloud practitioner. From foundations to advanced topics, you will master general cloud computing principles and AWS. There are many hands-on activities that you may do with an Amazon Web Services (AWS) free tier account to gain expertise.  This is the greatest approach to get started if you want to get into a high-paying profession working with cloud computing services. You'll go from beginning to advanced ideas, with lots of opportunity to put what you've learned into practise.|Hitesh Choudhary,
CLOUD|AWS|AWS Serverless|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of AWS Serverless.|Hitesh Choudhary,
CLOUD|AWS|AWS Architect for Real World|This Amazon AWS course will take you from AWS fundamentals to being a professional AWS cloud practitioner. From foundations to advanced topics, you will master general cloud computing principles and AWS. There are many hands-on activities that you may do with an Amazon Web Services (AWS) free tier account to gain expertise.  This is the greatest approach to get started if you want to get into a high-paying profession working with cloud computing services. You'll go from beginning to advanced ideas, with lots of opportunity to put what you've learned into practise.|Hitesh Choudhary,
CLOUD|AWS|AWS Interview Preparation|Amazon Web Service (AWS) is one of the fastest-growing fields in the technology world. This course is designed to help you achieve your goals which cover interview questions. We cover a wide range of topics in this course. We have questions on Amazon Web Services (AWS) best practices, Security, Simple Storage Service S3, Elastic Compute Cloud EC2, Elastic Load Balancing ELB, CloudFront, DynamoDB, CloudWatch, ElastiCache and Lambda.|MD Imran,
CLOUD|AWS|AWS Cloud Master|AWS is one of the major cloud providers across the globe comes with a variety of services in different tech stacks and getting certification in AWS plays a vital role to get various opportunities such as cloud administrator, cloud developer, Solution Architect, Machine Learning Speciality, Big Data Speciality, etc. This entire curriculum is designed keeping all the things in mind, so that person can learn, develop and implement in real-time.|Sachin Agarwal,
CLOUD|AWS|AWS Crash Course|AWS Cloud Master course is for all level who’s keen to learn AWS(Amazon Web Services) and wanted to implement or to do a certification for various levels. We are covering all the services of cloud as well as machine learning, Big Data, Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning, Data Analytics, Reinforcement Learning.|Sachin Agarwal,
CLOUD|AWS|AWS|Welcome to AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials. If you’re new to the cloud, whether you’re in a technical or non-technical role such as finance, legal, sales, and marketing, this course will provide an understanding of fundamental AWS Cloud concepts to help you gain confidence to contribute to your organization’s cloud initiatives. This course is also the starting point to prepare for your AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner certification whenever it’s convenient for you.|MD Imran,
CLOUD|AZURE|DP 900 Microsoft Azure Data Fundamentals|To get ready for other Azure role-based certifications like Azure Database Administrator Associate or Azure Data Engineer Associate, take the DP-900: Azure Data Fundamentals exam. Candidates who are just starting to work with cloud data are the target audience for this exam.|MD Imran,
CLOUD|AZURE|Azure Synapse|Microsoft Azure SQL Data Warehouse - You will be able to deploy Azure Synapse Analytics (formerly known as Azure SQL Data warehouse) in Azure Cloud environment. You will have good internal MPP architecture understanding, and so you will be able to analyze your on-premises data warehouse and migrate data to Azure Data Warehouse.|MD Imran,
CLOUD|AZURE|Azure Databricks|Building a solution architecture for a data engineering solution using Azure Databricks, Azure Data Lake Gen2, Azure Data Factory and Power BI, creating and using Azure Databricks service and the architecture of Databricks within Azure, creating, configuring and monitoring Databricks clusters, cluster pools and jobs, passing parameters between notebooks as well as creating notebook workflows.|MD Imran,
CLOUD|AZURE|Azure Data Factory|Microsoft Azure Data Factory - You will understand Azure Data Factory's key components and advantages. You will be able to create, schedule and monitor simple pipelines.|
CLOUD|AZURE|Azure Fundamentals|The use of cloud computing is growing rapidly across all industries, opening up a slew of new job prospects. A wide range of positions is available, from developers and architects to security specialists and data scientists. As a result of this course, you will be prepared to begin your Microsoft Azure certification journey confidently. For the AZ-900 certification exam and your cloud career, you'll need a solid foundation of core knowledge from our Microsoft Azure Fundamentals AZ-900 Exam Prep Specialization. This program's content purely matches the AZ-900 test objectives.|MD Imran,
CLOUD|AZURE|Azure Data scientist Associate DP100|Through this course, candidates for the Azure Data Scientist Associate certification should will be able to implement and execute machine learning workloads on Azure using data science and machine learning abilities.|MD Imran,
CLOUD|GCP|Google Cloud Platform|Google Cloud Platform is one of the most used cloud platforms across the globe that work on the same infrastructure that Google uses internally for its end-user products such as - Google Search, Gmail, Google Drive, and YouTube. In addition, we can use these services in different stacks like Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Big Data, etc. This course gives you a detailed understanding of GCP from essential to advanced, which helps you get various opportunities.|Khushali Shah,
CLOUD|AZURE INTERVIEW PREPARATION|Azure Certification Road Map|Microsoft introduced a new role-based certification methodology, which emphasises the development of skills and knowledge in line with specific work functions. Involving their IT community and analysing what's needed for certain job roles helped them make this decision. As of September of last year, the new certificates were in beta testing, with full release dates for the tests scheduled for 2019 and 2020.|MD Imran,
CLOUD|GCP INTERVIEW PREPARATION|GCP Interview|This course is designed to prepare you for certifications and provide you with a comprehensive path to help you get started in your career as a newbie, or even an experienced individual, with a deeper grasp of Google Cloud architecture and services.|Khushali Shah,
CLOUD|GCP PROJECT|GCP Projects|GCP is one of the most used and fastest-growing cloud platforms in the cloud industry currently. This course will get hands-on experience in building and implementing various real-time ML, DL & NLP-based projects with GCP cloud services.|Khushali Shah,
DEVOPS|DEVOPS MASTERS|Be A DevOps Pro Tech Neuron|DevOps, which is a mix of cultural principles, practices, and technologies such as Linux foundations, Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, Terraform, ArgoCD, AWS Cloud, Git, Git, Prometheus, and others, increases an organization's capacity to build applications and services at high velocity. Become a DevOps master and increase the velocity of production now.|Ritesh Yadav,Hitesh Choudhary,Saksham Choudhary,
DEVOPS|DEVOPS MASTERS|Be A DevOps Pro|DevOps, which is a mix of cultural principles, practices, and technologies such as Linux foundations, Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, Terraform, ArgoCD, AWS Cloud, Git, Git, Prometheus, and others, increases an organization's capacity to build applications and services at high velocity. Become a DevOps master and increase the velocity of production now.|Hitesh Choudhary,Saksham Choudhary,
DEVOPS|DEVOPS MASTERS|ELK Stack|This program is specialized in providing theoretical as well as practical understanding of the ELK stack or elastic stack which allows you to learn about Elastic search, Kibana and logstash and how they can work together. Course curriculum includes ELK stack, elastic search, kibana, logstash, architecture, practical implementation and much more!|Khushali Shah,
DEVOPS|DEVOPS MASTERS|DevOps Master|This course is specifically created to help you master many areas of software development, operations, continuous integration, continuous delivery, automated build, test, and deployment. You will learn DevOps tools such as Git, Jenkins, Docker, Ansible, Kubernetes, and more. This will teach you how to design Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) pipelines to deliver applications to various environments such as testing, staging, and production.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,Sourangshu Pal,Ritesh Yadav,
DEVOPS|DEVOPS MASTERS|DevOps Foundation|DevOps is a set of practices that works to automate and integrate the processes between software development and IT teams, so they can build, test, and release software faster and more reliably. The term DevOps was formed by combining the words “development” and “operations” and signifies a cultural shift that bridges the gap between development and operation teams, which historically functioned in siloes|Ritesh Singh,
DEVOPS|DOCKER|Docker Course|Docker is an open platform that allows developers and system administrators to create, ship, and execute distributed applications on laptops, datacentre virtual machines, and the various cloud services. This course uses straightforward and easy-to-understand lectures to explain Docker to an absolute Beginner. This course will help you practise Docker commands and construct your own images using Dockerfiles, as well as Docker Compose. You will be creating Docker files for various use cases. You won't need to set up your own environment to gain some hands-on experience this way.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DEVOPS|DOCKER|Docker|Docker makes it easier to create, share, and operate contemporary programmes. Docker is a programme that uses containers to make it easier to construct, deploy, and manage applications.|Sourangshu Pal,
DEVOPS|KUBERNETES|Kubernetes|Kubernetes is a toolkit for automating the deployment,scaling and running of containerized applications in production.This course is to teach you how to manage a containerized application infrastructure.This includes both current IT administrators and individuals interested in pursuing a cloud career.|Ritesh Yadav,
DEVOPS|JENKINS|Jenkins|Jenkins is an open source automation server that allows software developers all around the world to build, test, and deploy their code with confidence. The world's most popular open source automation server, with hundreds of plugins to let you build, launch, and automate any project.|Ritesh Yadav,
DEVOPS|ANSIBLE|Ansible|Ansible is an automation engine that aid with infrastructure provisioning, operating system configuration, application deployment, and much more. Developers use Ansible to automate the creation of development environments that are identical to production settings. The same playbooks can also be used to automate the construction of staging and production environments in operations.|Ritesh Yadav,
DEVOPS|LINUX|Linux Live Class|This Linux course looks at the tools and techniques that Linux system administrators and end-users use on a daily basis to complete their tasks in a Linux environment.|Sourangshu Pal,
DEVOPS|LINUX|Linux|This Linux course looks at the tools and techniques that Linux system administrators and end-users use on a daily basis to complete their tasks in a Linux environment.|Sourangshu Pal,
DEVOPS|GIT|Git and GitHub|Version control is a basic skill you need to thrive as a developer, whether you're just starting started with software development, looking for a developer job, or simply brushing up on your skills. Git (a version control system) and Github (a cloud service for Git controlled projects) make an excellent pair for creating and maintaining a well-structured project history!|Hitesh Choudhary,
DEVOPS|GIT|GIT|The Git course will teach you how to utilise the Git version management system in a hands-on manner. Git is a collaborative file management system for large and small projects. As a result, the team can develop its product regularly.|Sourangshu Pal,
IOT|IOT MASTERS|IOT|This course will help you to grab the fundamentals of IOT.|
RPA|UIPATH|RPA - UiPath|Learn and master UiPath Studio and then build state-of-the-art software robots from scratch. UiPath has evolved to become the only RPA platform in the market to support the full automation lifecycle from discovery to measurement. Its product portfolio continues to stay at the forefront of innovation, continuously expanding its traditional RPA offering capabilities to include tools like process mining, embedded analytics, improved AI fabric components, SaaS-based RPA, and test automation. UiPath is considered one of the fastest RPA solutions in the industry as well – often 3-4x faster than other RPA products.|
RPA|RPA MASTERS|RPA Foundation|UiPath is considered one of the fastest RPA solutions in the industry as well – often 3-4x faster than other RPA products. Its ease of development is also significantly greater than competitors like Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism or Power automate where notably higher coding skills are required to make implementation much more time-consuming.|
AR VR|SPARK AR|Spark AR Live Class|This course will get your journey started with Augmented Reality. In this course, you will learn the fundamentals of augmented reality with Spark AR. After successful completion of this, you will be able to create and deploy amazing AR effects on social media platforms like Instagram and Facebook.|Monal Kumar,
AR VR|SPARK AR|SPARK Augmented Reality Live Class|If you're interested in learning about Augmented Reality, you've come to the perfect spot. Learn the concepts and programming skills needed to create fully functional Augmented Reality apps for Android and iOS. You will need an Android or iPhone to complete this course.|Monal Kumar,
SALESFORCE|SALESFORCE ADMINISTRATOR|Salesforce Administrator|This hands-on Salesforce Administration course is for IT professionals and students interested in learning the fundamentals of Salesforce Administration duties. The goal of this course is to provide a foundation in Salesforce Administration activities. You will learn how to use CRM products, gain a foundational understanding of Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, and Customer Service, manage users, apply validations and formulas, provide object level security and field level security, manage workflows and data, build processes, create communities, and administer emails after completing this course.|
SALESFORCE|SALESFORCE DEVELOPER|Salesforce Developer|You may master the fundamentals of Salesforce programming in this Salesforce developer course. This tutorial gives you hands-on experience with Apex Programming, Triggers, and Form Building on the Visualforce website.|
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA MASTERS|DSA for FAANG preparation with Python and JavaScript Tech Neuron|A comprehensive chase to excel any intreview for the Data Structures and Algorithms. This course has been specifically designed to provide resources that would assist you in cracking problem-solving interviews. The presented problems in the course would suffice to look on to positive outcomes in the interviews.|Priya Bhatia,Hitesh Choudhary,Anurag Tiwari,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA MASTERS|Crack the Tech Interviews|Algorithmic programming techniques are a must-have skill. Learn Algorithms through programming and puzzle solving to advance your Software Engineering or Data Science career. Then, implement each algorithmic problem in this program to ace coding interviews.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA MASTERS|Crack the Tech Interview|Algorithmic programming techniques are a must-have skill. Learn Algorithms through programming and puzzle solving to advance your Software Engineering or Data Science career. Then, implement each algorithmic problem in this program to ace coding interviews.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA MASTERS|DSA for FAANG preparation with Python and JavaScript|A comprehensive chase to excel any intreview for the Data Structures and Algorithms. This course has been specifically designed to provide resources that would assist you in cracking problem-solving interviews. The presented problems in the course would suffice to look on to positive outcomes in the interviews.|Priya Bhatia,Hitesh Choudhary,Anurag Tiwari,Shishir Chandra,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA MASTERS|Data Structures and Algorithms Live Class|The Data Structure and Algorithm program focused on learning algorithmic strategies for addressing a myriad of challenges while having complete control of memory and time. Develop a thorough understanding of how data structures work and how to create efficient algorithms.|Priya Bhatia,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA MASTERS|Data Structure and Algorithms with competitive programming|Data Structure and Algorithms for Beginners to Advance entire course will be discussed in python language and all the implementation and project will be done by using python .|Priya Bhatia,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA MASTERS|Data Structure and Algorithm Foundation|A computer program is a collection of instructions to perform a specific task. For this, a computer program may need to store data, retrieve data, and perform computations on the data. A data structure is a named location that can be used to store and organize data and an algorithm is a collection of steps to solve a particular problem. Learning data structures and algorithms allow us to write efficient and optimized computer programs. Data Structure is a way of collecting and organizing data in such a way that we can perform operations on these data in an effective way.|Priya Bhatia,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA WITH PYTHON|Complete DSA in Python|A comprehensive chase to excel any intreview for the Data Structures and Algorithms. This course has been specifically designed to provide resources that would assist you in cracking problem-solving interviews. The presented problems in the course would suffice to look on to positive outcomes in the interviews.|Priya Bhatia,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA WITH PYTHON|Mastering DSA with Python|This Python course on Data Structures and Algorithms covers data structures such as linked lists, stacks and queues, binary search trees, heaps, searching, and hashing. This course covers a variety of sorting algorithms, as well as their implementation and analysis. The following topics are covered with Python implementation in this Data Structures in Python course. Analysis of Algorithms, Big O notation, Time Complexity, Singly Linked List, Doubly linked list, Trees, Heaps, Hashing and Sorting algorithms.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA WITH PYTHON|DSA with Python|This Python course on Data Structures and Algorithms covers data structures such as linked lists, stacks and queues, binary search trees, heaps, searching, and hashing. This course covers a variety of sorting algorithms, as well as their implementation and analysis. The following topics are covered with Python implementation in this Data Structures in Python course. Analysis of Algorithms, Big O notation, Time Complexity, Singly Linked List, Doubly linked list, Trees, Heaps, Hashing and Sorting algorithms.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA WITH PYTHON|Data Structures and Algorithms using python|The Data Structure and Algorithm program focused on learning algorithmic strategies for addressing a myriad of challenges while having complete control of memory and time. Develop a thorough understanding of how data structures work and how to create efficient algorithms.|Priya Bhatia,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA WITH C++|DSA in C++, Competitive Programming & IOT in Hindi|You can easily learn the DSA principles in this course thanks to its instructional design. You will learn how to understand data structures and algorithms in this course, as well as how to nail product interviews. You can start your career as a software developer with this program.|Prateek Jain,Aditya Chaudhary,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA WITH C++|Mastering DSA with C++|For performance-critical applications that need speed and effective memory management, C++ is an important programming language. It's employed in a variety of fields such as software and game development, virtual reality, robotics, and scientific computing. In this course you will learn the fundamentals of C++ with various data structures and algorithms.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA WITH C++|DSA with C++|For performance-critical applications that need speed and effective memory management, C++ is an important programming language. It's employed in a variety of fields such as software and game development, virtual reality, robotics, and scientific computing. In this course you will learn the fundamentals of C++ with various data structures and algorithms.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA WITH JAVA|Mastering DSA with Java|This course has been designed to help you become a complete and professional Java developer at the conclusion of the course, rather than only teaching essential Java skills.. After completing this course, you will have a thorough understanding of various Data Structures and Algorithms in Java which will further enhance your career as a java developer.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA WITH JAVA|DSA with Java|This course has been designed to help you become a complete and professional Java developer at the conclusion of the course, rather than only teaching essential Java skills. After completing this course, you will have a thorough understanding of various Data Structures and Algorithms in Java which will further enhance your career as a java developer.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA INTERVIEW|Data Structure and Algorithm Interview Preparation|This course is designed mostly for Data structure and Algorithms test takers.|
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA INTERVIEW|Interview ready DSA course in Python|A comprehensive chase to excel any intreview for the Data Structures and Algorithms. The course comprises 250 curated data structures problems grounded on personal interview experiences of students of preceding batches. This course has been specifically designed to provide resources that would assist you in cracking problem-solving interviews. The presented problems in the course would suffice to look on to positive outcomes in the interviews.|Akarsh Jaiswal,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA INTERVIEW|Data Structure and Algorithm Job Preparation|Algorithmic programming techniques are a must-have skill. Learn Algorithms through programming and puzzle solving to advance your Software Engineering or Data Science career. Then, implement each algorithmic problem in this program to ace coding interviews.|Priya Bhatia,
DATA STRUCTURE|DSA INTERVIEW|Complete Interview Preparation For Data Structure and Algorithm in Python|This course will teach you about different data structures and algorithms. In addition, you'll be able to learn how to arrange your replies in-depth explanations using Python and discover how to understand frequently-asked technical interview questions.|Vaibhav Kumar,
DATA STRUCTURE|ADVANCED DSA|Data Structure and Algorithm Projects|Algorithms Programming is a must-have skill in the field of software development. Learners have to analyse and construct algorithms for finding, sorting, and indexing data, as well as create trees and graphs and deal with intractability. Industry-level projects that will help you upscale your skills for handling and managing real-world projects.|Priya Bhatia,
DATA STRUCTURE|MAANG INTERVIEW PREPARATION|Interview ready DSA course in Python Level 2|A comprehensive chase to excel any intreview for the Data Structures and Algorithms. The course comprises 250 curated data structures problems grounded on personal interview experiences of students of preceding batches. This course has been specifically designed to provide resources that would assist you in cracking problem-solving interviews. The presented problems in the course would suffice to look on to positive outcomes in the interviews.|Akarsh Jaiswal,
SYSTEM DESIGN|SYSTEM DESIGN MASTERS|System Design with Design Patterns Tech Neuron|The software engineering interview process includes system design questions as a routine element of the process. The way you perform in these interviews reflects on your ability to work with complicated systems, which is reflected in the position and salary offered by the interviewing organisation. The purpose of this course is to help you master software engineering interviews.|
SYSTEM DESIGN|SYSTEM DESIGN MASTERS|System Design with Design Patterns|The software engineering interview process includes system design questions as a routine element of the process. The way you perform in these interviews reflects on your ability to work with complicated systems, which is reflected in the position and salary offered by the interviewing organisation. The purpose of this course is to help you master software engineering interviews.|Anjali Sheel,
SYSTEM DESIGN|SYSTEM DESIGN|System Design with Design Patterns Tech Neuron|The software engineering interview process includes system design questions as a routine element of the process. The way you perform in these interviews reflects on your ability to work with complicated systems, which is reflected in the position and salary offered by the interviewing organisation. The purpose of this course is to help you master software engineering interviews.|
SYSTEM DESIGN|SYSTEM DESIGN|System Design with Design Patterns|The software engineering interview process includes system design questions as a routine element of the process. The way you perform in these interviews reflects on your ability to work with complicated systems, which is reflected in the position and salary offered by the interviewing organisation. The purpose of this course is to help you master software engineering interviews.|Anjali Sheel,
SYSTEM DESIGN|SYSTEM DESIGN|System Design Foundations|This Course helps you to build the fundamentals of system designs to crack software engineer interviews.|Anjali Sheel,
SYSTEM DESIGN|SYSTEM DESIGN|System Design|A comprehensive course on System Design covering different case studies. This course provides both theoretical and step by step approaches to solving a particular case study.|Vaibhav Kumar,
DATABASE|MYSQL|MySQL|Data practitioners must master SQL since it is the most essential query language you can learn. Many prominent relational database management systems such as MySQL employ it. However, data analysis and big data frameworks and tools such as Apache Spark also utilise it. As a result, learning MySQL offers up a plethora of prospects and occupations - whether you want to work with relational databases or become a data scientist, knowing Mysql is essential. Even if you have no previous experience of MySQL, this practical course will build the groundwork for SQL and structured database querying.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DATABASE|MYSQL|PL SQL|In this Oracle 11g PL/SQL course you will receive introduction training on PL/SQL database programming language covering syntax, structure and features of the language within the context of database applications and programming.|MD Imran,
DATABASE|MSSQL|SQL Server Integration Services|SSIS is an enterprise-level Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) Development tool, SSIS is one of the most powerful application for moving data in and out of various databases and files. This course provides developers with a thorough knowledge in developing SSIS Packages with SQL Server 2019.|MD Imran,
DATABASE|MSSQL|MS SQL Server and T-SQL|In this intro to SQL Server course, you gain the introductory skills to maximize SQL Server's benefits. Learn how to use the various administrative and development tools within SQL Server including the Microsoft BI stack of Integration Services, Analysis Services, and Reporting Services. SQL Server offers a platform for enterprise data management, robust development, and implementation of modern Business Intelligence solutions. Attend this hands-on course and learn to leverage these features.|MD Imran,
DATABASE|MONGODB|MongoDB Course|This course is designed for database administrators, database architects, software developers, software architects, database professionals, project managers, IT developers, testers, analytics professionals, research professionals, and system administrators who want to work with NoSQL databases and MongoDB.|Hitesh Choudhary,
DATABASE|POSTGRESQL|PostgreSQL|One of the most advanced open-source relational database systems is PostgreSQL. It has a number of features that assist developers in creating applications, administrators in maintaining data integrity, and data analysts and data scientists in managing their data regardless of the dataset size.|Manjunatha A,
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Aptitude - C Language|This course is designed mostly for C test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Aptitude - C++|This course is designed mostly for C++ test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Aptitude - Data Structures and Algorithms|This course is designed mostly for Data structure and Algorithms test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Aptitude - DBMS|This course is designed mostly for computer science subject Database Management Systems  test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Aptitude - Operating Systems|This course is designed mostly for computer science subject OPERATING SYSTEM  test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Aptitude - Python|This course is designed mostly for Python Coding  test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Computer Networking|This course is designed mostly for computer science subject Computer Networking  test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro C Programming Language|This course is designed mostly for C test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Max Interview Preparation Edition 1|Pro Max Edition 1. These are interview preparation tests with a singular goal, to make sure you get a little better in real-world interviews. Leaderboards are ranked based on 1st attempt.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Max Interview Preparation Edition 2|Pro Max Edition 2. These are interview preparation tests with a singular goal, to make sure you get a little better in real-world interviews. Leaderboards are ranked based on 1st attempt.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Max Interview Preparation Edition 3|Pro Max Edition 3. These are interview preparation tests with a singular goal, to make sure you get a little better in real-world interviews. Leaderboards are ranked based on 1st attempt.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro C++ Programming Language|This course is designed mostly for C++ test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Database Management Systems|This course is designed mostly for computer science subject Database Management Systems  test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Data Structure and Algorithms|This course is designed mostly for Data Structure and Algorithms test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Java Programming Language|This course is designed mostly for Java test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro JavaScript Programming Language|This course is designed mostly for JavaScript test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Operating Systems|This course is designed mostly for computer science subject OPERATING SYSTEM  test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Pro Python Programming Language|This course is designed mostly for Python Coding  test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Python Coding Interview Preparation|This course is designed mostly for Python Coding  test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Aptitude Test Series|This course is designed mostly for Aptitude test takers.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Reasoning Live Class|This Course will help you to develop important skills you use during all kinds of daily situations. It will help you make important decisions, apprehend the truth, and solve problems. Logical reasoning is also used to measure intelligence during an IQ test. Since reasoning abilities affect how people perceive, analyse, and accept arguments and facts, it has a significant effect on one's ability to learn from new information and experiences. Reasoning qualities are also essential for developing and maintaining opinions and beliefs that are compatible with and supported by various knowledge.|
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Aptitude Live Class|Quantitative aptitude is a test that assesses a person's numerical and problem-solving abilities. This is a common section seen on most competitive examinations. This Aptitude course has been designed to help students get started and succeed in tests and interviews.|Prerna Singh,
APTITUDE|APTITUDE|Aptitude Test|Quantitative aptitude is a test that assesses a person's numerical and problem-solving abilities. This is a common section seen on most competitive examinations. This Aptitude course has been designed to help students get started and succeed in tests and interviews.|Jwala Prakash,Jayant Topnani,
K12|CLASS6|Foundations of English Language|This course has been designed for learners of all ages, who would like to enhance their grammar and writing abilities to prepare for a high-school, college, or job-related English assessment, as well as anyone who would like to update & strengthen the grammar and writing skills. Listening, speaking, reading, writing, grammar, and vocabulary all will improve as a result of this course. The skills are often blended together, even if they are not always taught individually. It will help you improve your speaking proficiency and polish your speaking as well as writing skills, which are essential for academic and professional success.|Dr Nishtha Jain,
K12|CLASS6|Career Counselling|Career counselling is a type of advice-giving and support provided by career counsellors to their clients, to help the clients manage their journey through life, learning and work changes (career). We at iNeuron will be providing career counselling to students who want to shape there future in a better way with correct guidance and achieve new heights.|Shivan Kumar,
K12|CLASS6|Tech Awareness|We will tech you about latest technology changes, news, how-tos and more.|Shivan Kumar,
K12|CLASS6|Class 6th Chemistry|The Science Syllabus is elegantly designed such that it introduces the basic concepts of Science and its importance in our daily life. It will make the foundation strong for the higher classes. In this, the Chemistry section focuses on concepts like Fibre to Fabric, Sorting materials into groups, Separation of substances, etc.|Jayant Topnani,
K12|CLASS6|Class 6th Math|This course is useful for Grade 6 students. In this course,entire NCERT will be covered, various questions from NCERT, NCERT exemplar and previous year will also be discussed. Dedicated doubt clearing sessions will also be conducted for helping the students regularly throughout their learning journey.|Jawala Prakash,
K12|CLASS6|Class 6th Physics|The Science Syllabus is elegantly designed such that it introduces the basic concepts of science and its importance in our daily life. It will make the foundation strong for the higher classes. The Physics section focuses on various concepts related to Motion, Light, Electricity, Magnetism, etc.|Jawala Prakash,
K12|CLASS6|Class 6th Biology|The Science Syllabus is elegantly designed such that it introduces the basic concepts of Science and its importance in our daily life. It will make the foundation strong for the higher classes. The Biology section focuses on concepts like food, bodily movements, surroundings of living organisms, garbage, etc.|Dr Nishtha Jain,
K12|CLASS6|Data Manipulation using Pandas|This course will teach students the fundamentals of data analysis using the highly popular Pandas library in Python programming. The course will cover data manipulation and cleaning techniques using the popular Python pandas data science library, as well as the abstraction of Series and DataFrame as central data structures for data analysis, as well as tutorials on how to effectively use functions like groupby, merge, and pivot tables. Students will be able to take tabular data, clean it, alter it, and execute basic inferential statistical analyses at the conclusion of this course.|
K12|CLASS6|Basics of Computer Education|In this course, you will learn the basics of computers. Having decent computer knowledge will help you build your foundation for emerging technology. Upon completing this course, you will be able to navigate through the ecosystem of the modern computer knowing the underlying technology behind it.|
K12|CLASS7|Class 7th Math|This course is useful for Grade 7 students.In this course,entire NCERT will be covered, Various questions from NCERT, NCERT exemplar and previous year will also be discussed. Dedicated doubt clearing sessions will also be conducted for helping the students regularly throughout their learning journey.|Jayant Topnani,
K12|CLASS7|Class 7th Physics|The Science Syllabus is elegantly designed such that it introduces the basic concepts of Science and its importance in our daily life. It will make the foundation strong for the higher classes. The Physics section focuses on various concepts related to Heat, Winds, Storms, Cyclones, Electric current, etc.|Jawala Prakash,
K12|CLASS7|Class 7th Biology|The Science Syllabus is elegantly designed such that it introduces the basic concepts of science and its importance in our daily life. It will make the foundation strong for the higher classes. The Biology section focuses on concepts like food, bodily movements, surroundings of living organisms, garbage, etc.|Dr Nishtha Jain,
K12|CLASS7|Character Recognition using Python|In this course, students will learn how to handle data containing textual images. Extracting text from images requires advanced techniques like computer vision and image processing. After this course, students will be able to build challenging real-world applications that can read images and produces textual details from the same. This hands-on practical-oriented course will enable students to build their own character recognition applications and enhance their knowledge of Computer Vision and Artificial Intelligence.|
K12|CLASS7|Graphics Design with PhotoShop|In this course, you will learn everything you need to know about Photoshop. Photoshop is a very powerful tool that can do a lot of different things with images, including making them move.  This means that you will be able to make posters as well as thumbnails and digital paintings. You can not only change existing photos or artworks, but you can also start from scratch and make new things.|
K12|CLASS8|Class 8th Chemistry|The Science Syllabus is elegantly designed such that it introduces the basic concepts of Science and its importance in our daily life. It will make the foundation strong for the higher classes. In this, the Chemistry section focuses on concepts like Synthetic Fibers and Plastics, Metals, Non-metals, Fossil Fuels, etc.|Jayant Topnani,
K12|CLASS8|Class 8th Math|This course is useful for Grade 8 students.In this course,entire NCERT will be covered, Various questions from NCERT, NCERT exemplar andprevious year will also be discussed.Dedicated doubt clearing sessions will also be conducted for helping the students regularly throughout their learning journey.|Jayant Topnani,
K12|CLASS8|Class 8th Physics|The Science Syllabus is elegantly designed such that it introduces the basic concepts of Science and its importance in our daily life. It will make the foundation strong for the higher classes. Physics is the Study of Physical World. It is the natural science that studies matter, its fundamental constituents, its motion and behavior through space and time, and the related entities of energy and force. Main goal of  Physics is to understand how the universe behaves.|Jawala Prakash,
K12|CLASS8|Class 8th Biology|The Science Syllabus is elegantly designed such that it introduces the basic concepts of Science and its importance in our daily life. It will make the foundation strong for the higher classes. The Biology section focuses on concepts like food, bodily movements, surroundings of living organisms, garbage, etc.|Dr Nishtha Jain,
K12|CLASS8|Scratch Programming for kids|This course will provide learners with a strong knowledge of basic programming  concepts without writing code. Scratch is a computer programming language  that allows creating interactive stories, games, and animations and sharing  them online straight forward and exciting. Students will receive hands-on  practical experience in basic game creation after successfully completing  the course.|
K12|CLASS8|Data Processing using Dask|In this course, students will learn how to scale data analysis tasks using a very powerful Python library called Dask. You will use Dask to run distributed data analysis tasks, from processing the data to visualizing it. After successfully completing this course, you will be able to put data analysis ideas into practice using a variety of approaches on datasets.|
K12|CLASS8|Vedic Math|This course will help you solve complex mathematical problems using Vedic Mathematics. This course is curated on a set of concepts that will help you improve your calculations to an extent where before you pick up a pen, you would find the answers by simplifying calculations into simple steps. If you despise numbers, This course will help you interactively appreciate the beauty of mathematics.|
K12|CLASS8|Fundamentals of Electronics|This course is designed for students who are interested in electronics and want to learn the foundations of the subject as well as undertake a range of experiments. Students will get an idea of diodes, transistors, circuits and symbols, instrumentation and measurement of various electronic components, alternating current and direct current, frequencies, semiconductors, digital signals, and sensors, along with many other topics.|Monal Kumar,
K12|CLASS9|Class 9th Physics|This course will provide a detailed understanding of the practical as well as theoretical approach towards various scientific concepts like Motion, Work, Energy, Laws of  Motion, etc. Complete and detailed solutions from NCERT Exercises are provided.|Jawala Prakash,
K12|CLASS9|Class 9th Math|This course is useful for Grade 9 students.In this course,entire NCERT will be covered, Various questions from NCERT, NCERT exemplar andprevious year will also be discussed.Dedicated doubt clearing sessions will also be conducted for helping the students regularly throughout their learning journey.|Jayant Topnani,
K12|CLASS9|Mathematics using Python|Many people are unaware that Python is a fantastic tool for studying mathematics. Python may be used as a basic calculator, but did you know that it can also be used to master more difficult concepts in algebra, geometry, and matrix analysis? That's precisely what this course will teach you. This course introduces Python programming to students with the help of various mathematical concepts taught in schools. This course is designed in order to help students in understanding the different mathematical subjects and concepts with the help of practical programming and hands-on practice in the Python programming language.|
K12|CLASS9|Numerical Computation with Python|In this course, students will learn the principles of numerical analysis and computation in Python and use the power of a powerful Python library called Numpy. In the world of Artificial Intelligence and Data Science, NumPy is one of the most extensively used Python packages. NumPy provides high-performance functions and data analysis tools that are very efficient and simple to use.|Shivan Kumar,
K12|CLASS9|Data Visualization using Matplotlib|In this course, you will learn Data visualization using the matplotlib library.  Hands-on practical oriented course in which you will learn various plots such as Bar graphs, Pie charts, Line charts, Scatter plots, histograms.  After completion of this course, you will be able to visualize the data and find the underlying pattern.|
K12|CLASS9|Web Designing using Wordpress|If you are interested in building websites, WordPress is what you need to learn and here we introduce website design and creation by utilizing different kinds of themes and templates available in WordPress. Students who complete this course will gain hands-on practical experience in building various interactive and beautiful websites by using WordPress.|Shivan Kumar,
K12|CLASS9|Fundamentals of Game Development|Learn the Fundamentals of Game Development from Scratch using Pygame. This course is intended for anybody interested in learning Game Development with Python. The game's difficulty rises with each component, and you'll be able to expand your knowledge as you go through the course. You'll create wonderful games and learn how PyGame works by moving things about on the screen and interacting with items. You'll also learn how to build and import game-related images, as well as how to generate randomly moveable enemies, animate game characters, and play music and noises while playing the game.|
K12|CLASS9|Class 9th Biology|The Science Syllabus is elegantly designed such that it introduces the basic concepts of science and its importance in our daily life. Class 9th is crucial and is the foundation for higher education of students. The Biology section focuses on concepts like Cell - the fundamental unit of life, Diversity, Tissues, Natural Resources, etc.|Dr Nishtha Jain,
K12|CLASS10|Class 10th Chemistry|The Science Syllabus is elegantly designed such that it introduces the important concepts of Science and their importance in our daily life. Class 10th is crucial and is the foundation for higher education of students. In this, the Chemistry section focuses on concepts like Chemical reactions, Acids, Bases, Salts, Metals, Non-Metals, etc.|Jayant Topnani,
K12|CLASS10|Class 9th Chemistry|The Science Syllabus is elegantly designed such that it introduces the basic concepts of Science and its importance in our daily life. It will make the foundation strong for the higher classes. In this, the Chemistry section focuses on concepts like Matter around us, Atoms and Molecules, etc.|Jayant Topnani,
K12|CLASS10|Drone Live Class|iNeuron has created a course in collaboration with industry experts who are achieving incredible things with autonomous robotics. You can learn about the process of making a drone or how drones are used in various sectors. The majority of drones are ready to go to the skies. We provide Robotics concepts to teach you about dynamics and control so you can get a better understanding of how that works. We present an outline of Drones and Autonomous Systems for individuals who want to learn more about their mechanics. Each lecture is intended to lay the groundwork for how autonomous systems can alter our perceptions of robotics.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,
K12|CLASS10|Advanced Web Development|In this course, you will learn how to make interactive web pages using Bootstrap, JavaScript, React, and Node. This course will focus on practical aspects of web page development with a focus on good programming habits. After knowing the fundamentals you can create a website layout according to your imagination with animations and effects to support your beautiful responsive website.|Monal Kumar,
K12|CLASS10|Robotics|The Introduction to Robotics Specialization covers the fundamentals of robot flight and movement, as well as how robots detect their surroundings and alter their movements to avoid obstacles, negotiate tough terrains, and complete complicated jobs like construction and disaster response. You'll learn about real-world examples of how robots have been used in disasters, how they've improved human health care, and what their future capabilities will be. The courses lead up to a capstone in which you'll learn how to programme a robot to execute various tasks like flying and gripping objects.|
K12|CLASS10|Artificial Intelligence for Kids|This course introduces the fundamentals of machine learning through the use of well-known Python programming languages. In this course, you will learn about machine learning and why machine learning came into reality. You will learn about various supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms to solve some real-world problems. Students who complete this course will gain hands-on practical experience in building various machine learning algorithms|
K12|CLASS10|Deep Learning for Kids|Learners will master the fundamentals of deep learning as well as how to tackle a challenging real-world problem that is difficult to handle with standard programming in this course. This course will teach you the fundamentals of AI, allowing you to create incredible AI applications. Students will receive hands-on practical experience in designing AI-based projects after successfully completing the course. Learners might begin applying for freelancing employment in order to make a fortune.|
K12|CLASS10|Image Processing|In this hands-on course, You will learn how to filter, change, and edit images. You will also learn how to use OpenCV to perform various image processing tasks with hands-on practical experience. Students who complete this course will be able to apply what they have learned in this course to a variety of fields, including machine learning and artificial intelligence, machine and robotic vision, space and medical image analysis, and many more.|Monal Kumar,
K12|CLASS10|Statistics using Python|This course will brush up on your statistics skills which is something everyone needs to work on in school. But it's a difficult task to learn all the statistical concepts which seems like a daunting task. This course is created keeping in mind the important statistical topics in school. Here you will quickly get the absolutely essential statistical knowledge for the journey to becoming a Statistician, Data Scientist, or Analyst.|
K12|CLASS10|Raspberry Pi|In this course, you will learn the basics of Raspberry pi and difference between microprocessor and microcontroller and how to use raspberry pi from which you can build amazing IOT applications with Raspberry PI OS. You will also learn Python programming language. This course will introduce the basic of Python library GPIO which will help you to start your journey in the field of artificial intelligence.|Sunny Bhaveen Chandra,
K12|CLASS10|Fundamentals of Web Designing|This course will teach about web development by making real websites from scratch with HTML and CSS. You can start by creating a website  and that's one of the best ways to learn to code. This Skill Path will help you build strong fundaments of HTML and CSS to define the structure and beauty of your website.|Monal Kumar,
K12|CLASS10|Class 10th Physics|The Science Syllabus is elegantly designed such that it introduces the basic concepts of Science and its importance in our daily life. Class 10th is crucial and is the foundation for higher education of students. It will make the foundation strong for the higher classes. Physics is the Study of Physical World. It is the natural science that studies matter, its fundamental constituents, its motion and behavior through space and time, and the related entities of energy and force. Main goal of Physics is to understand how the universe behaves.|Jawala Prakash,
K12|CLASS10|Class 10th Biology|The Science Syllabus is elegantly designed such that it introduces the basic concepts of Science and its importance in our daily life. It will make the foundation strong for the higher classes. The Biology section focuses on concepts like food, bodily movements, surroundings of living organisms, garbage, etc.|Dr Nishtha Jain,
K12|CLASS10|Game Development using Unity|This course provides an overview of the core principles of gaming using Unity. You will learn to define a game, as well as the mechanics and rules that govern a variety of games. After finishing this course, you will have a thorough understanding of the entire game development process.|
K12|CLASS10|Interactive Visualization using Seaborn|This course will help learners to understand the fundamentals of data visualization with seaborn. In this course, You will learn how to generate line plots, scatterplots, histograms, distribution plots, pair plots, bar plots, count plots, and many more. Upon successful completion, you can create beautiful visualizations and extract insights out of them.|
K12|CLASS10|OpenCV using Python|This course will teach the learner the fundamentals of the OpenCV library,  including an overview of the library and image manipulation using OpenCV.  It is a free and open-source computer vision and machine learning library. This course will introduce learners to the fundamentals of using  OpenCV to explore computer vision and AI (AI). With the aid of many  practical real-world image processing tasks, students who finish this course  will gain hands-on expertise in image processing using OpenCV.|
K12|CLASS10|Data Analysis Using Python|In this course, you will learn to extract insights from the data. This course is designed to help you deal with data analysis and data manipulation using the popular python library “Pandas”. You will learn powerful functions to present the facts from data in the most straightforward and accurate way.|
K12|CLASS10|UI Designing using Figma|Students will learn how to design user interfaces with Figma in this course. They will be introduced to the Figma interface in the first session, which includes how to use features to make the designs responsive. Students will also be taught how to make components to establish a library of design elements that can be reused across projects. They will learn real-time team communication and how to work on a project with other designers. Also, the research and prototyping process is explained in the later part of the course. Through a practical hands-on approach, students who complete this course will be able to apply their knowledge to solve real-world user interface problems.|
K12|CLASS10|Getting started with Cloud|This course will assist students in grasping the basic concepts of cloud computing with its various applications. This course will equip students with the proper start that they require to begin their career in cloud computing in today's modern environment, where cloud engineers are in high demand. This hands-on practical-oriented course will enable students to apply their cloud computing skills and help them in starting with a lucrative career in cloud computing.|
K12|CLASS10|Fundamentals of Database|By taking up this course, you will learn the fundamentals of Databases along with SQL concepts such as Datatypes, Operators, Expressions, DDL, DML, TCL, DQL, and many more. Upon successful completion of the course, students will be able to create their Databases and also will be able to manage pre-existing Databases.|
K12|CLASS10|Video editing with Adobe Premiere Pro|In this course, you will learn the basics of video editing fundamentals like adding background music, cut & trim, adding text, and many others. You will also learn to color correct and grade your videos to create professional-level content. Students after successful completion will gain hands-on practical experience in making top-notch videos. You can start applying for freelance jobs to earn a fortune out of it.|
K12|CLASS10|Natural Language Processing|In this course, you will learn to create tools to translate languages and summarize text, and even build chatbots. You will learn how to analyze text, create models, uncover contextual patterns and produce insights from the text. Learning NLP is critical in effectively analyzing massive quantities of textual data.|
K12|CLASS10|Class 10 Biology|Biology is the study of life. It is the study of living organisms and how they interact with the environment. Biology recognizes the cell as the basic unit of life, genes as the unit of heredity and evolution as an engine which boosts the formation of new species. The study of life has helped in shaping the world. It has credible answers to why things happen in a scientific manner. iNeuron allows you to explore all the content from NCERT physics in a proper manner and flow.|
K12|CLASS10|Class 10 Chemistry|Find out how to create a balanced chemical equation and learn about chemical reactions with CBSE Class 10 Chemistry learning resources. On TopperLearning, our experts support you to understand chemistry with CBSE Class 10 Chemistry notes such as CBSE Class 10 Chemistry notes, MCQs and NCERT solutions as per the latest syllabus.|
K12|CLASS10|Class 10 Physics|Physics is a combination of theoretical and practical knowledge. The Physics syllabus includes laws, formulas, equations, theories and series of experiments which a student must grab. The subject leads you to the real world of imagination, the planetary motions and the universe which sounds an interesting one, isn’t it? NCERT covers all the conceptual points properly but they are very summerized in the book. iNeuron allows you to explore all the content from NCERT physics in a proper manner and flow.|Jwala Prakash,
K12|CLASS10|Class 10 Mathematics|Maths is a subject that needs a lot of practice, memorisation of formulas and a clear understanding of concepts. It is a scoring subject for students of Class 10 if they practice it on a regular basis. CBSE syllabus for Class 10 Maths for the academic year 2020-2021 includes topics such as number systems, algebra, coordinate geometry, etc. All the units mentioned in the CBSE 10th Maths syllabus is important because the final question paper is prepared as per the syllabus. It also provides information about marks weightage, practicals, assignments, projects, etc.|Jayant Topnani,
